[Docs](https://docs.datadoghq.com/) > [API
Reference](https://docs.datadoghq.com/api/latest/) >
[Metrics](https://docs.datadoghq.com/api/latest/metrics/)

Language

English

[English](https://docs.datadoghq.com/api/latest/metrics/?lang_pref=en)
[Français](https://docs.datadoghq.com/fr/api/latest/metrics/?lang_pref=fr)
[日本語](https://docs.datadoghq.com/ja/api/latest/metrics/?lang_pref=ja)
[한국어](https://docs.datadoghq.com/ko/api/latest/metrics/?lang_pref=ko)
[Español](https://docs.datadoghq.com/es/api/latest/metrics/?lang_pref=es)

Datadog Site

[![Site help](https://datadog-docs.imgix.net/images/icons/help-
druids.svg)](https://docs.datadoghq.com/getting_started/site/)

US1 US3 US5 EU AP1 US1-FED

# Metrics

The metrics endpoint allows you to:

  * Post metrics data so it can be graphed on Datadog’s dashboards
  * Query metrics from any time period
  * Modify tag configurations for metrics
  * View tags and volumes for metrics

**Note** : A graph can only contain a set number of points and as the
timeframe over which a metric is viewed increases, aggregation between points
occurs to stay below that set number.

The Post, Patch, and Delete `manage_tags` API methods can only be performed by
a user who has the `Manage Tags for Metrics` permission.

See the [Metrics page](https://docs.datadoghq.com/metrics/) for more
information.

## Create a tag configuration

  * v2 (latest)

POST
https://api.ap1.datadoghq.com/api/v2/metrics/{metric_name}/tagshttps://api.datadoghq.eu/api/v2/metrics/{metric_name}/tagshttps://api.ddog-
gov.com/api/v2/metrics/{metric_name}/tagshttps://api.datadoghq.com/api/v2/metrics/{metric_name}/tagshttps://api.us3.datadoghq.com/api/v2/metrics/{metric_name}/tagshttps://api.us5.datadoghq.com/api/v2/metrics/{metric_name}/tags

### Overview

Create and define a list of queryable tag keys for an existing
count/gauge/rate/distribution metric. Optionally, include percentile
aggregations on any distribution metric or configure custom aggregations on
any count, rate, or gauge metric. By setting `exclude_tags_mode` to true the
behavior is changed from an allow-list to a deny-list, and tags in the defined
list will not be queryable. Can only be used with application keys of users
with the `Manage Tags for Metrics` permission. This endpoint requires the
`metric_tags_write` permission.

### Arguments

#### Path Parameters

Name

Type

Description

metric_name [_required_]

string

The name of the metric.

### Request

#### Body Data (required)

  * Model
  * Example

Expand All

Field

Type

Description

data [_required_]

object

Object for a single metric to be configure tags on.

attributes

object

Object containing the definition of a metric tag configuration to be created.

aggregations

[object]

A list of queryable aggregation combinations for a count, rate, or gauge
metric. By default, count and rate metrics require the (time: sum, space: sum)
aggregation and Gauge metrics require the (time: avg, space: avg) aggregation.
Additional time & space combinations are also available:

  * time: avg, space: avg
  * time: avg, space: max
  * time: avg, space: min
  * time: avg, space: sum
  * time: count, space: sum
  * time: max, space: max
  * time: min, space: min
  * time: sum, space: avg
  * time: sum, space: sum

Can only be applied to non_distribution metrics that have a `metric_type` of
`count`, `rate`, or `gauge`.

space [_required_]

enum

A space aggregation for use in query. Allowed enum values: `avg,max,min,sum`

time [_required_]

enum

A time aggregation for use in query. Allowed enum values:
`avg,count,max,min,sum`

exclude_tags_mode

boolean

When set to true, the configuration will exclude the configured tags and
include any other submitted tags. When set to false, the configuration will
include the configured tags and exclude any other submitted tags. Defaults to
false. Requires `tags` property.

include_percentiles

boolean

Toggle to include/exclude percentiles for a distribution metric. Defaults to
false. Can only be applied to metrics that have a `metric_type` of
`distribution`.

metric_type [_required_]

enum

The metric's type. Allowed enum values: `gauge,count,rate,distribution`

default: `gauge`

tags [_required_]

[string]

A list of tag keys that will be queryable for your metric.

default: ``

id [_required_]

string

The metric name for this resource.

type [_required_]

enum

The metric tag configuration resource type. Allowed enum values: `manage_tags`

default: `manage_tags`

    
    
    {
      "data": {
        "type": "manage_tags",
        "id": "ExampleMetric",
        "attributes": {
          "tags": [
            "app",
            "datacenter"
          ],
          "metric_type": "gauge"
        }
      }
    }

### Response

  * 201
  * 400
  * 403
  * 409
  * 429

Created

  * Model
  * Example

Response object which includes a single metric’s tag configuration.

Expand All

Field

Type

Description

data

object

Object for a single metric tag configuration.

attributes

object

Object containing the definition of a metric tag configuration attributes.

aggregations

[object]

A list of queryable aggregation combinations for a count, rate, or gauge
metric. By default, count and rate metrics require the (time: sum, space: sum)
aggregation and Gauge metrics require the (time: avg, space: avg) aggregation.
Additional time & space combinations are also available:

  * time: avg, space: avg
  * time: avg, space: max
  * time: avg, space: min
  * time: avg, space: sum
  * time: count, space: sum
  * time: max, space: max
  * time: min, space: min
  * time: sum, space: avg
  * time: sum, space: sum

Can only be applied to non_distribution metrics that have a `metric_type` of
`count`, `rate`, or `gauge`.

space [_required_]

enum

A space aggregation for use in query. Allowed enum values: `avg,max,min,sum`

time [_required_]

enum

A time aggregation for use in query. Allowed enum values:
`avg,count,max,min,sum`

created_at

date-time

Timestamp when the tag configuration was created.

exclude_tags_mode

boolean

When set to true, the configuration will exclude the configured tags and
include any other submitted tags. When set to false, the configuration will
include the configured tags and exclude any other submitted tags. Defaults to
false. Requires `tags` property.

include_percentiles

boolean

Toggle to include or exclude percentile aggregations for distribution metrics.
Only present when the `metric_type` is `distribution`.

metric_type

enum

The metric's type. Allowed enum values: `gauge,count,rate,distribution`

default: `gauge`

modified_at

date-time

Timestamp when the tag configuration was last modified.

tags

[string]

List of tag keys on which to group.

id

string

The metric name for this resource.

type

enum

The metric tag configuration resource type. Allowed enum values: `manage_tags`

default: `manage_tags`

    
    
    {
      "data": {
        "attributes": {
          "aggregations": [
            {
              "space": "sum",
              "time": "sum"
            }
          ],
          "created_at": "2020-03-25T09:48:37.463835Z",
          "exclude_tags_mode": false,
          "include_percentiles": true,
          "metric_type": "count",
          "modified_at": "2020-03-25T09:48:37.463835Z",
          "tags": [
            "app",
            "datacenter"
          ]
        },
        "id": "test.metric.latency",
        "type": "manage_tags"
      }
    }

Bad Request

  * Model
  * Example

API error response.

Expand All

Field

Type

Description

errors [_required_]

[string]

A list of errors.

    
    
    {
      "errors": [
        "Bad Request"
      ]
    }

Forbidden

  * Model
  * Example

API error response.

Expand All

Field

Type

Description

errors [_required_]

[string]

A list of errors.

    
    
    {
      "errors": [
        "Bad Request"
      ]
    }

Conflict

  * Model
  * Example

API error response.

Expand All

Field

Type

Description

errors [_required_]

[string]

A list of errors.

    
    
    {
      "errors": [
        "Bad Request"
      ]
    }

Too Many Requests

  * Model
  * Example

API error response.

Expand All

Field

Type

Description

errors [_required_]

[string]

A list of errors.

    
    
    {
      "errors": [
        "Bad Request"
      ]
    }

### Code Example

  * [Curl](?code-lang=curl#)
  * [Go](?code-lang=go#)
  * [Java](?code-lang=java#)
  * [Python](?code-lang=python#)
  * [Ruby](?code-lang=ruby#)
  * [Rust](?code-lang=rust#)
  * [Typescript](?code-lang=typescript#)

#####  Create a tag configuration returns "Created" response

Copy

    
    
                              # Path parameters  
    export metric_name="dist.http.endpoint.request"  
    # Curl command  
    curl -X POST "https://api.ap1.datadoghq.com"https://api.datadoghq.eu"https://api.ddog-gov.com"https://api.datadoghq.com"https://api.us3.datadoghq.com"https://api.us5.datadoghq.com/api/v2/metrics/${metric_name}/tags" \
    -H "Accept: application/json" \
    -H "Content-Type: application/json" \
    -H "DD-API-KEY: ${DD_API_KEY}" \
    -H "DD-APPLICATION-KEY: ${DD_APP_KEY}" \
    -d @- << EOF
    {
      "data": {
        "type": "manage_tags",
        "id": "ExampleMetric",
        "attributes": {
          "tags": [
            "app",
            "datacenter"
          ],
          "metric_type": "gauge"
        }
      }
    }
    EOF  
    
                            

#####  Create a tag configuration returns "Created" response

    
    
    // Create a tag configuration returns "Created" response
    
    package main
    
    import (
    	"context"
    	"encoding/json"
    	"fmt"
    	"os"
    
    	"github.com/DataDog/datadog-api-client-go/v2/api/datadog"
    	"github.com/DataDog/datadog-api-client-go/v2/api/datadogV2"
    )
    
    func main() {
    	body := datadogV2.MetricTagConfigurationCreateRequest{
    		Data: datadogV2.MetricTagConfigurationCreateData{
    			Type: datadogV2.METRICTAGCONFIGURATIONTYPE_MANAGE_TAGS,
    			Id:   "ExampleMetric",
    			Attributes: &datadogV2.MetricTagConfigurationCreateAttributes{
    				Tags: []string{
    					"app",
    					"datacenter",
    				},
    				MetricType: datadogV2.METRICTAGCONFIGURATIONMETRICTYPES_GAUGE,
    			},
    		},
    	}
    	ctx := datadog.NewDefaultContext(context.Background())
    	configuration := datadog.NewConfiguration()
    	apiClient := datadog.NewAPIClient(configuration)
    	api := datadogV2.NewMetricsApi(apiClient)
    	resp, r, err := api.CreateTagConfiguration(ctx, "ExampleMetric", body)
    
    	if err != nil {
    		fmt.Fprintf(os.Stderr, "Error when calling `MetricsApi.CreateTagConfiguration`: %v\n", err)
    		fmt.Fprintf(os.Stderr, "Full HTTP response: %v\n", r)
    	}
    
    	responseContent, _ := json.MarshalIndent(resp, "", "  ")
    	fmt.Fprintf(os.Stdout, "Response from `MetricsApi.CreateTagConfiguration`:\n%s\n", responseContent)
    }
    

#### Instructions

First [install the library and its
dependencies](https://docs.datadoghq.com/api/latest/?code-lang=go) and then
save the example to `main.go` and run following commands:

    
    
        
    
    DD_SITE="datadoghq.comus3.datadoghq.comus5.datadoghq.comdatadoghq.euap1.datadoghq.comddog-gov.com" DD_API_KEY="<API-KEY>" DD_APP_KEY="<APP-KEY>" go run "main.go"

#####  Create a tag configuration returns "Created" response

    
    
    // Create a tag configuration returns "Created" response
    
    import com.datadog.api.client.ApiClient;
    import com.datadog.api.client.ApiException;
    import com.datadog.api.client.v2.api.MetricsApi;
    import com.datadog.api.client.v2.model.MetricTagConfigurationCreateAttributes;
    import com.datadog.api.client.v2.model.MetricTagConfigurationCreateData;
    import com.datadog.api.client.v2.model.MetricTagConfigurationCreateRequest;
    import com.datadog.api.client.v2.model.MetricTagConfigurationMetricTypes;
    import com.datadog.api.client.v2.model.MetricTagConfigurationResponse;
    import com.datadog.api.client.v2.model.MetricTagConfigurationType;
    import java.util.Arrays;
    
    public class Example {
      public static void main(String[] args) {
        ApiClient defaultClient = ApiClient.getDefaultApiClient();
        MetricsApi apiInstance = new MetricsApi(defaultClient);
    
        MetricTagConfigurationCreateRequest body =
            new MetricTagConfigurationCreateRequest()
                .data(
                    new MetricTagConfigurationCreateData()
                        .type(MetricTagConfigurationType.MANAGE_TAGS)
                        .id("ExampleMetric")
                        .attributes(
                            new MetricTagConfigurationCreateAttributes()
                                .tags(Arrays.asList("app", "datacenter"))
                                .metricType(MetricTagConfigurationMetricTypes.GAUGE)));
    
        try {
          MetricTagConfigurationResponse result =
              apiInstance.createTagConfiguration("ExampleMetric", body);
          System.out.println(result);
        } catch (ApiException e) {
          System.err.println("Exception when calling MetricsApi#createTagConfiguration");
          System.err.println("Status code: " + e.getCode());
          System.err.println("Reason: " + e.getResponseBody());
          System.err.println("Response headers: " + e.getResponseHeaders());
          e.printStackTrace();
        }
      }
    }
    

#### Instructions

First [install the library and its
dependencies](https://docs.datadoghq.com/api/latest/?code-lang=java) and then
save the example to `Example.java` and run following commands:

    
    
        
    
    DD_SITE="datadoghq.comus3.datadoghq.comus5.datadoghq.comdatadoghq.euap1.datadoghq.comddog-gov.com" DD_API_KEY="<API-KEY>" DD_APP_KEY="<APP-KEY>" java "Example.java"

#####  Create a tag configuration returns "Created" response

    
    
    """
    Create a tag configuration returns "Created" response
    """
    
    from datadog_api_client import ApiClient, Configuration
    from datadog_api_client.v2.api.metrics_api import MetricsApi
    from datadog_api_client.v2.model.metric_tag_configuration_create_attributes import (
        MetricTagConfigurationCreateAttributes,
    )
    from datadog_api_client.v2.model.metric_tag_configuration_create_data import MetricTagConfigurationCreateData
    from datadog_api_client.v2.model.metric_tag_configuration_create_request import MetricTagConfigurationCreateRequest
    from datadog_api_client.v2.model.metric_tag_configuration_metric_types import MetricTagConfigurationMetricTypes
    from datadog_api_client.v2.model.metric_tag_configuration_type import MetricTagConfigurationType
    
    body = MetricTagConfigurationCreateRequest(
        data=MetricTagConfigurationCreateData(
            type=MetricTagConfigurationType.MANAGE_TAGS,
            id="ExampleMetric",
            attributes=MetricTagConfigurationCreateAttributes(
                tags=[
                    "app",
                    "datacenter",
                ],
                metric_type=MetricTagConfigurationMetricTypes.GAUGE,
            ),
        ),
    )
    
    configuration = Configuration()
    with ApiClient(configuration) as api_client:
        api_instance = MetricsApi(api_client)
        response = api_instance.create_tag_configuration(metric_name="ExampleMetric", body=body)
    
        print(response)
    

#### Instructions

First [install the library and its
dependencies](https://docs.datadoghq.com/api/latest/?code-lang=python) and
then save the example to `example.py` and run following commands:

    
    
        
    
    DD_SITE="datadoghq.comus3.datadoghq.comus5.datadoghq.comdatadoghq.euap1.datadoghq.comddog-gov.com" DD_API_KEY="<API-KEY>" DD_APP_KEY="<APP-KEY>" python3 "example.py"

#####  Create a tag configuration returns "Created" response

    
    
    # Create a tag configuration returns "Created" response
    
    require "datadog_api_client"
    api_instance = DatadogAPIClient::V2::MetricsAPI.new
    
    body = DatadogAPIClient::V2::MetricTagConfigurationCreateRequest.new({
      data: DatadogAPIClient::V2::MetricTagConfigurationCreateData.new({
        type: DatadogAPIClient::V2::MetricTagConfigurationType::MANAGE_TAGS,
        id: "ExampleMetric",
        attributes: DatadogAPIClient::V2::MetricTagConfigurationCreateAttributes.new({
          tags: [
            "app",
            "datacenter",
          ],
          metric_type: DatadogAPIClient::V2::MetricTagConfigurationMetricTypes::GAUGE,
        }),
      }),
    })
    p api_instance.create_tag_configuration("ExampleMetric", body)
    

#### Instructions

First [install the library and its
dependencies](https://docs.datadoghq.com/api/latest/?code-lang=ruby) and then
save the example to `example.rb` and run following commands:

    
    
        
    
    DD_SITE="datadoghq.comus3.datadoghq.comus5.datadoghq.comdatadoghq.euap1.datadoghq.comddog-gov.com" DD_API_KEY="<API-KEY>" DD_APP_KEY="<APP-KEY>" rb "example.rb"

#####  Create a tag configuration returns "Created" response

    
    
    // Create a tag configuration returns "Created" response
    use datadog_api_client::datadog;
    use datadog_api_client::datadogV2::api_metrics::MetricsAPI;
    use datadog_api_client::datadogV2::model::MetricTagConfigurationCreateAttributes;
    use datadog_api_client::datadogV2::model::MetricTagConfigurationCreateData;
    use datadog_api_client::datadogV2::model::MetricTagConfigurationCreateRequest;
    use datadog_api_client::datadogV2::model::MetricTagConfigurationMetricTypes;
    use datadog_api_client::datadogV2::model::MetricTagConfigurationType;
    
    #[tokio::main]
    async fn main() {
        let body = MetricTagConfigurationCreateRequest::new(
            MetricTagConfigurationCreateData::new(
                "ExampleMetric".to_string(),
                MetricTagConfigurationType::MANAGE_TAGS,
            )
            .attributes(MetricTagConfigurationCreateAttributes::new(
                MetricTagConfigurationMetricTypes::GAUGE,
                vec!["app".to_string(), "datacenter".to_string()],
            )),
        );
        let configuration = datadog::Configuration::new();
        let api = MetricsAPI::with_config(configuration);
        let resp = api
            .create_tag_configuration("ExampleMetric".to_string(), body)
            .await;
        if let Ok(value) = resp {
            println!("{:#?}", value);
        } else {
            println!("{:#?}", resp.unwrap_err());
        }
    }
    

#### Instructions

First [install the library and its
dependencies](https://docs.datadoghq.com/api/latest/?code-lang=rust) and then
save the example to `src/main.rs` and run following commands:

    
    
        
    
    DD_SITE="datadoghq.comus3.datadoghq.comus5.datadoghq.comdatadoghq.euap1.datadoghq.comddog-gov.com" DD_API_KEY="<API-KEY>" DD_APP_KEY="<APP-KEY>" cargo run

#####  Create a tag configuration returns "Created" response

    
    
    /**
     * Create a tag configuration returns "Created" response
     */
    
    import { client, v2 } from "@datadog/datadog-api-client";
    
    const configuration = client.createConfiguration();
    const apiInstance = new v2.MetricsApi(configuration);
    
    const params: v2.MetricsApiCreateTagConfigurationRequest = {
      body: {
        data: {
          type: "manage_tags",
          id: "ExampleMetric",
          attributes: {
            tags: ["app", "datacenter"],
            metricType: "gauge",
          },
        },
      },
      metricName: "ExampleMetric",
    };
    
    apiInstance
      .createTagConfiguration(params)
      .then((data: v2.MetricTagConfigurationResponse) => {
        console.log(
          "API called successfully. Returned data: " + JSON.stringify(data)
        );
      })
      .catch((error: any) => console.error(error));
    

#### Instructions

First [install the library and its
dependencies](https://docs.datadoghq.com/api/latest/?code-lang=typescript) and
then save the example to `example.ts` and run following commands:

    
    
        
    
    DD_SITE="datadoghq.comus3.datadoghq.comus5.datadoghq.comdatadoghq.euap1.datadoghq.comddog-gov.com" DD_API_KEY="<API-KEY>" DD_APP_KEY="<APP-KEY>" tsc "example.ts"

* * *

## Get active metrics list

  * v1 (latest)

GET
https://api.ap1.datadoghq.com/api/v1/metricshttps://api.datadoghq.eu/api/v1/metricshttps://api.ddog-
gov.com/api/v1/metricshttps://api.datadoghq.com/api/v1/metricshttps://api.us3.datadoghq.com/api/v1/metricshttps://api.us5.datadoghq.com/api/v1/metrics

### Overview

Get the list of actively reporting metrics from a given time until now. This
endpoint requires the `metrics_read` permission.

OAuth apps require the `metrics_read` authorization
[scope](https://docs.datadoghq.com/api/latest/scopes/#metrics) to access this
endpoint.

### Arguments

#### Query Strings

Name

Type

Description

from [_required_]

integer

Seconds since the Unix epoch.

host

string

Hostname for filtering the list of metrics returned. If set, metrics retrieved
are those with the corresponding hostname tag.

tag_filter

string

Filter metrics that have been submitted with the given tags. Supports boolean
and wildcard expressions. Cannot be combined with other filters.

### Response

  * 200
  * 400
  * 403
  * 429

OK

  * Model
  * Example

Object listing all metric names stored by Datadog since a given time.

Expand All

Field

Type

Description

from

string

Time when the metrics were active, seconds since the Unix epoch.

metrics

[string]

List of metric names.

    
    
    {
      "from": "string",
      "metrics": []
    }

Bad Request

  * Model
  * Example

Error response object.

Expand All

Field

Type

Description

errors [_required_]

[string]

Array of errors returned by the API.

    
    
    {
      "errors": [
        "Bad Request"
      ]
    }

Forbidden

  * Model
  * Example

Error response object.

Expand All

Field

Type

Description

errors [_required_]

[string]

Array of errors returned by the API.

    
    
    {
      "errors": [
        "Bad Request"
      ]
    }

Too many requests

  * Model
  * Example

Error response object.

Expand All

Field

Type

Description

errors [_required_]

[string]

Array of errors returned by the API.

    
    
    {
      "errors": [
        "Bad Request"
      ]
    }

### Code Example

  * [Curl](?code-lang=curl#)
  * [Python](?code-lang=python#)
  * [Ruby](?code-lang=ruby#)
  * [Go](?code-lang=go#)
  * [Java](?code-lang=java#)
  * [Rust](?code-lang=rust#)
  * [Typescript](?code-lang=typescript#)
  * [Python [legacy]](?code-lang=python-legacy#)

#####  Get active metrics list

Copy

    
    
                      # Required query arguments  
    export from="CHANGE_ME"  
    # Curl command  
    curl -X GET "https://api.ap1.datadoghq.com"https://api.datadoghq.eu"https://api.ddog-gov.com"https://api.datadoghq.com"https://api.us3.datadoghq.com"https://api.us5.datadoghq.com/api/v1/metrics?from=${from}" \
    -H "Accept: application/json" \
    -H "DD-API-KEY: ${DD_API_KEY}" \
    -H "DD-APPLICATION-KEY: ${DD_APP_KEY}"  
    
                    

#####  Get active metrics list

    
    
    """
    Get active metrics list returns "OK" response
    """
    
    from datadog_api_client import ApiClient, Configuration
    from datadog_api_client.v1.api.metrics_api import MetricsApi
    
    configuration = Configuration()
    with ApiClient(configuration) as api_client:
        api_instance = MetricsApi(api_client)
        response = api_instance.list_active_metrics(
            _from=9223372036854775807,
        )
    
        print(response)
    

#### Instructions

First [install the library and its
dependencies](https://docs.datadoghq.com/api/latest/?code-lang=python) and
then save the example to `example.py` and run following commands:

    
    
        
    
    DD_SITE="datadoghq.comus3.datadoghq.comus5.datadoghq.comdatadoghq.euap1.datadoghq.comddog-gov.com" DD_API_KEY="<DD_API_KEY>" DD_APP_KEY="<DD_APP_KEY>" python3 "example.py"

#####  Get active metrics list

    
    
    # Get active metrics list returns "OK" response
    
    require "datadog_api_client"
    api_instance = DatadogAPIClient::V1::MetricsAPI.new
    p api_instance.list_active_metrics(9223372036854775807)
    

#### Instructions

First [install the library and its
dependencies](https://docs.datadoghq.com/api/latest/?code-lang=ruby) and then
save the example to `example.rb` and run following commands:

    
    
        
    
    DD_SITE="datadoghq.comus3.datadoghq.comus5.datadoghq.comdatadoghq.euap1.datadoghq.comddog-gov.com" DD_API_KEY="<DD_API_KEY>" DD_APP_KEY="<DD_APP_KEY>" rb "example.rb"

#####  Get active metrics list

    
    
    // Get active metrics list returns "OK" response
    
    package main
    
    import (
    	"context"
    	"encoding/json"
    	"fmt"
    	"os"
    
    	"github.com/DataDog/datadog-api-client-go/v2/api/datadog"
    	"github.com/DataDog/datadog-api-client-go/v2/api/datadogV1"
    )
    
    func main() {
    	ctx := datadog.NewDefaultContext(context.Background())
    	configuration := datadog.NewConfiguration()
    	apiClient := datadog.NewAPIClient(configuration)
    	api := datadogV1.NewMetricsApi(apiClient)
    	resp, r, err := api.ListActiveMetrics(ctx, 9223372036854775807, *datadogV1.NewListActiveMetricsOptionalParameters())
    
    	if err != nil {
    		fmt.Fprintf(os.Stderr, "Error when calling `MetricsApi.ListActiveMetrics`: %v\n", err)
    		fmt.Fprintf(os.Stderr, "Full HTTP response: %v\n", r)
    	}
    
    	responseContent, _ := json.MarshalIndent(resp, "", "  ")
    	fmt.Fprintf(os.Stdout, "Response from `MetricsApi.ListActiveMetrics`:\n%s\n", responseContent)
    }
    

#### Instructions

First [install the library and its
dependencies](https://docs.datadoghq.com/api/latest/?code-lang=go) and then
save the example to `main.go` and run following commands:

    
    
        
    
    DD_SITE="datadoghq.comus3.datadoghq.comus5.datadoghq.comdatadoghq.euap1.datadoghq.comddog-gov.com" DD_API_KEY="<DD_API_KEY>" DD_APP_KEY="<DD_APP_KEY>" go run "main.go"

#####  Get active metrics list

    
    
    // Get active metrics list returns "OK" response
    
    import com.datadog.api.client.ApiClient;
    import com.datadog.api.client.ApiException;
    import com.datadog.api.client.v1.api.MetricsApi;
    import com.datadog.api.client.v1.model.MetricsListResponse;
    
    public class Example {
      public static void main(String[] args) {
        ApiClient defaultClient = ApiClient.getDefaultApiClient();
        MetricsApi apiInstance = new MetricsApi(defaultClient);
    
        try {
          MetricsListResponse result = apiInstance.listActiveMetrics(9223372036854775807L);
          System.out.println(result);
        } catch (ApiException e) {
          System.err.println("Exception when calling MetricsApi#listActiveMetrics");
          System.err.println("Status code: " + e.getCode());
          System.err.println("Reason: " + e.getResponseBody());
          System.err.println("Response headers: " + e.getResponseHeaders());
          e.printStackTrace();
        }
      }
    }
    

#### Instructions

First [install the library and its
dependencies](https://docs.datadoghq.com/api/latest/?code-lang=java) and then
save the example to `Example.java` and run following commands:

    
    
        
    
    DD_SITE="datadoghq.comus3.datadoghq.comus5.datadoghq.comdatadoghq.euap1.datadoghq.comddog-gov.com" DD_API_KEY="<DD_API_KEY>" DD_APP_KEY="<DD_APP_KEY>" java "Example.java"

#####  Get active metrics list

    
    
    from datadog import initialize, api
    import time
    
    options = {
        'api_key': '<DATADOG_API_KEY>',
        'app_key': '<DATADOG_APPLICATION_KEY>'
    }
    
    initialize(**options)
    
    # Taking the last 24hours
    from_time = int(time.time()) - 60 * 60 * 24 * 1
    
    result = api.Metric.list(from_time)
    
    print(result)
    

#### Instructions

First [install the library and its
dependencies](https://docs.datadoghq.com/api/latest/?code-lang=python-legacy)
and then save the example to `example.py` and run following commands:

    
    
        
    
    DD_SITE="datadoghq.comus3.datadoghq.comus5.datadoghq.comdatadoghq.euap1.datadoghq.comddog-gov.com" DD_API_KEY="<DD_API_KEY>" DD_APP_KEY="<DD_APP_KEY>" python "example.py"

#####  Get active metrics list

    
    
    // Get active metrics list returns "OK" response
    use datadog_api_client::datadog;
    use datadog_api_client::datadogV1::api_metrics::ListActiveMetricsOptionalParams;
    use datadog_api_client::datadogV1::api_metrics::MetricsAPI;
    
    #[tokio::main]
    async fn main() {
        let configuration = datadog::Configuration::new();
        let api = MetricsAPI::with_config(configuration);
        let resp = api
            .list_active_metrics(
                9223372036854775807,
                ListActiveMetricsOptionalParams::default(),
            )
            .await;
        if let Ok(value) = resp {
            println!("{:#?}", value);
        } else {
            println!("{:#?}", resp.unwrap_err());
        }
    }
    

#### Instructions

First [install the library and its
dependencies](https://docs.datadoghq.com/api/latest/?code-lang=rust) and then
save the example to `src/main.rs` and run following commands:

    
    
        
    
    DD_SITE="datadoghq.comus3.datadoghq.comus5.datadoghq.comdatadoghq.euap1.datadoghq.comddog-gov.com" DD_API_KEY="<DD_API_KEY>" DD_APP_KEY="<DD_APP_KEY>" cargo run

#####  Get active metrics list

    
    
    /**
     * Get active metrics list returns "OK" response
     */
    
    import { client, v1 } from "@datadog/datadog-api-client";
    
    const configuration = client.createConfiguration();
    const apiInstance = new v1.MetricsApi(configuration);
    
    const params: v1.MetricsApiListActiveMetricsRequest = {
      from: 9223372036854775807,
    };
    
    apiInstance
      .listActiveMetrics(params)
      .then((data: v1.MetricsListResponse) => {
        console.log(
          "API called successfully. Returned data: " + JSON.stringify(data)
        );
      })
      .catch((error: any) => console.error(error));
    

#### Instructions

First [install the library and its
dependencies](https://docs.datadoghq.com/api/latest/?code-lang=typescript) and
then save the example to `example.ts` and run following commands:

    
    
        
    
    DD_SITE="datadoghq.comus3.datadoghq.comus5.datadoghq.comdatadoghq.euap1.datadoghq.comddog-gov.com" DD_API_KEY="<DD_API_KEY>" DD_APP_KEY="<DD_APP_KEY>" tsc "example.ts"

* * *

## Query timeseries data across multiple products

  * v2 (latest)

POST
https://api.ap1.datadoghq.com/api/v2/query/timeserieshttps://api.datadoghq.eu/api/v2/query/timeserieshttps://api.ddog-
gov.com/api/v2/query/timeserieshttps://api.datadoghq.com/api/v2/query/timeserieshttps://api.us3.datadoghq.com/api/v2/query/timeserieshttps://api.us5.datadoghq.com/api/v2/query/timeseries

### Overview

Query timeseries data across various data sources and process the data by
applying formulas and functions. This endpoint requires the `timeseries_query`
permission.

OAuth apps require the `timeseries_query` authorization
[scope](https://docs.datadoghq.com/api/latest/scopes/#metrics) to access this
endpoint.

### Request

#### Body Data (required)

  * Model
  * Example

Expand All

Field

Type

Description

data [_required_]

object

A single timeseries query to be executed.

attributes [_required_]

object

The object describing a timeseries formula request.

formulas

[object]

List of formulas to be calculated and returned as responses.

formula [_required_]

string

Formula string, referencing one or more queries with their name property.

limit

object

Message for specifying limits to the number of values returned by a query.
This limit is only for scalar queries and has no effect on timeseries queries.

count

int32

The number of results to which to limit.

order

enum

Direction of sort. Allowed enum values: `asc,desc`

default: `desc`

from [_required_]

int64

Start date (inclusive) of the query in milliseconds since the Unix epoch.

interval

int64

A time interval in milliseconds. May be overridden by a larger interval if the
query would result in too many points for the specified timeframe. Defaults to
a reasonable interval for the given timeframe.

queries [_required_]

[ <oneOf>]

List of queries to be run and used as inputs to the formulas.

Option 1

object

An individual timeseries metrics query.

data_source [_required_]

enum

A data source that is powered by the Metrics platform. Allowed enum values:
`metrics,cloud_cost`

default: `metrics`

name

string

The variable name for use in formulas.

query [_required_]

string

A classic metrics query string.

Option 2

object

An individual timeseries events query.

compute [_required_]

object

The instructions for what to compute for this query.

aggregation [_required_]

enum

The type of aggregation that can be performed on events-based queries. Allowed
enum values: `count,cardinality,pc75,pc90,pc95,pc98,pc99,sum,min,max,avg`

default: `count`

interval

int64

Interval for compute in milliseconds.

metric

string

The "measure" attribute on which to perform the computation.

data_source [_required_]

enum

A data source that is powered by the Events Platform. Allowed enum values:
`logs,rum`

default: `logs`

group_by

[object]

The list of facets on which to split results.

facet [_required_]

string

The facet by which to split groups.

limit

int32

The maximum buckets to return for this group by. Note: at most 10000 buckets
are allowed. If grouping by multiple facets, the product of limits must not
exceed 10000.

default: `10`

sort

object

The dimension by which to sort a query's results.

aggregation [_required_]

enum

The type of aggregation that can be performed on events-based queries. Allowed
enum values: `count,cardinality,pc75,pc90,pc95,pc98,pc99,sum,min,max,avg`

default: `count`

metric

string

The metric's calculated value which should be used to define the sort order of
a query's results.

order

enum

Direction of sort. Allowed enum values: `asc,desc`

default: `desc`

type

enum

The type of sort to use on the calculated value. Allowed enum values:
`alphabetical,measure`

indexes

[string]

The indexes in which to search.

name

string

The variable name for use in formulas.

search

object

Configuration of the search/filter for an events query.

query

string

The search/filter string for an events query.

to [_required_]

int64

End date (exclusive) of the query in milliseconds since the Unix epoch.

type [_required_]

enum

The type of the resource. The value should always be timeseries_request.
Allowed enum values: `timeseries_request`

default: `timeseries_request`

    
    
    {
      "data": {
        "attributes": {
          "formulas": [
            {
              "formula": "a",
              "limit": {
                "count": 10,
                "order": "desc"
              }
            }
          ],
          "from": 1636625471000,
          "interval": 5000,
          "queries": [
            {
              "data_source": "metrics",
              "query": "avg:datadog.estimated_usage.metrics.custom{*}",
              "name": "a"
            }
          ],
          "to": 1636629071000
        },
        "type": "timeseries_request"
      }
    }

### Response

  * 200
  * 400
  * 401
  * 403
  * 429

OK

  * Model
  * Example

A message containing one response to a timeseries query made with timeseries
formula query request.

Expand All

Field

Type

Description

data

object

A message containing the response to a timeseries query.

attributes

object

The object describing a timeseries response.

series

[object]

Array of response series. The index here corresponds to the index in the
`formulas` or `queries` array from the request.

group_tags

[string]

List of tags that apply to a single response value.

query_index

int32

The index of the query in the "formulas" array (or "queries" array if no
"formulas" was specified).

unit

[object]

Detailed information about the unit. The first element describes the "primary
unit" (for example, `bytes` in `bytes per second`). The second element
describes the "per unit" (for example, `second` in `bytes per second`). If the
second element is not present, the API returns null.

family

string

Unit family, allows for conversion between units of the same family, for
scaling.

name

string

Unit name

plural

string

Plural form of the unit name.

scale_factor

double

Factor for scaling between units of the same family.

short_name

string

Abbreviation of the unit.

times

[integer]

Array of times, 1-1 match with individual values arrays.

values

[array]

Array of value-arrays. The index here corresponds to the index in the
`formulas` or `queries` array from the request.

type

enum

The type of the resource. The value should always be timeseries_response.
Allowed enum values: `timeseries_response`

default: `timeseries_response`

errors

string

The error generated by the request.

    
    
    {
      "data": {
        "attributes": {
          "series": [
            {
              "group_tags": [
                "env:production"
              ],
              "query_index": 0,
              "unit": [
                {
                  "family": "time",
                  "name": "minute",
                  "plural": "minutes",
                  "scale_factor": 60,
                  "short_name": "min"
                }
              ]
            }
          ],
          "times": [],
          "values": [
            1575317847,
            0.5
          ]
        },
        "type": "timeseries_response"
      },
      "errors": "string"
    }

Bad Request

  * Model
  * Example

API error response.

Expand All

Field

Type

Description

errors [_required_]

[string]

A list of errors.

    
    
    {
      "errors": [
        "Bad Request"
      ]
    }

Unauthorized

  * Model
  * Example

API error response.

Expand All

Field

Type

Description

errors [_required_]

[string]

A list of errors.

    
    
    {
      "errors": [
        "Bad Request"
      ]
    }

Forbidden

  * Model
  * Example

API error response.

Expand All

Field

Type

Description

errors [_required_]

[string]

A list of errors.

    
    
    {
      "errors": [
        "Bad Request"
      ]
    }

Too many requests

  * Model
  * Example

API error response.

Expand All

Field

Type

Description

errors [_required_]

[string]

A list of errors.

    
    
    {
      "errors": [
        "Bad Request"
      ]
    }

### Code Example

  * [Curl](?code-lang=curl#)
  * [Go](?code-lang=go#)
  * [Java](?code-lang=java#)
  * [Python](?code-lang=python#)
  * [Ruby](?code-lang=ruby#)
  * [Rust](?code-lang=rust#)
  * [Typescript](?code-lang=typescript#)

#####  Timeseries cross product query returns "OK" response

Copy

    
    
                              # Curl command  
    curl -X POST "https://api.ap1.datadoghq.com"https://api.datadoghq.eu"https://api.ddog-gov.com"https://api.datadoghq.com"https://api.us3.datadoghq.com"https://api.us5.datadoghq.com/api/v2/query/timeseries" \
    -H "Accept: application/json" \
    -H "Content-Type: application/json" \
    -H "DD-API-KEY: ${DD_API_KEY}" \
    -H "DD-APPLICATION-KEY: ${DD_APP_KEY}" \
    -d @- << EOF
    {
      "data": {
        "attributes": {
          "formulas": [
            {
              "formula": "a",
              "limit": {
                "count": 10,
                "order": "desc"
              }
            }
          ],
          "from": 1636625471000,
          "interval": 5000,
          "queries": [
            {
              "data_source": "metrics",
              "query": "avg:datadog.estimated_usage.metrics.custom{*}",
              "name": "a"
            }
          ],
          "to": 1636629071000
        },
        "type": "timeseries_request"
      }
    }
    EOF  
    
                            

#####  Timeseries cross product query returns "OK" response

    
    
    // Timeseries cross product query returns "OK" response
    
    package main
    
    import (
    	"context"
    	"encoding/json"
    	"fmt"
    	"os"
    
    	"github.com/DataDog/datadog-api-client-go/v2/api/datadog"
    	"github.com/DataDog/datadog-api-client-go/v2/api/datadogV2"
    )
    
    func main() {
    	body := datadogV2.TimeseriesFormulaQueryRequest{
    		Data: datadogV2.TimeseriesFormulaRequest{
    			Attributes: datadogV2.TimeseriesFormulaRequestAttributes{
    				Formulas: []datadogV2.QueryFormula{
    					{
    						Formula: "a",
    						Limit: &datadogV2.FormulaLimit{
    							Count: datadog.PtrInt32(10),
    							Order: datadogV2.QUERYSORTORDER_DESC.Ptr(),
    						},
    					},
    				},
    				From:     1636625471000,
    				Interval: datadog.PtrInt64(5000),
    				Queries: []datadogV2.TimeseriesQuery{
    					datadogV2.TimeseriesQuery{
    						MetricsTimeseriesQuery: &datadogV2.MetricsTimeseriesQuery{
    							DataSource: datadogV2.METRICSDATASOURCE_METRICS,
    							Query:      "avg:datadog.estimated_usage.metrics.custom{*}",
    							Name:       datadog.PtrString("a"),
    						}},
    				},
    				To: 1636629071000,
    			},
    			Type: datadogV2.TIMESERIESFORMULAREQUESTTYPE_TIMESERIES_REQUEST,
    		},
    	}
    	ctx := datadog.NewDefaultContext(context.Background())
    	configuration := datadog.NewConfiguration()
    	apiClient := datadog.NewAPIClient(configuration)
    	api := datadogV2.NewMetricsApi(apiClient)
    	resp, r, err := api.QueryTimeseriesData(ctx, body)
    
    	if err != nil {
    		fmt.Fprintf(os.Stderr, "Error when calling `MetricsApi.QueryTimeseriesData`: %v\n", err)
    		fmt.Fprintf(os.Stderr, "Full HTTP response: %v\n", r)
    	}
    
    	responseContent, _ := json.MarshalIndent(resp, "", "  ")
    	fmt.Fprintf(os.Stdout, "Response from `MetricsApi.QueryTimeseriesData`:\n%s\n", responseContent)
    }
    

#### Instructions

First [install the library and its
dependencies](https://docs.datadoghq.com/api/latest/?code-lang=go) and then
save the example to `main.go` and run following commands:

    
    
        
    
    DD_SITE="datadoghq.comus3.datadoghq.comus5.datadoghq.comdatadoghq.euap1.datadoghq.comddog-gov.com" DD_API_KEY="<DD_API_KEY>" DD_APP_KEY="<DD_APP_KEY>" go run "main.go"

#####  Timeseries cross product query returns "OK" response

    
    
    // Timeseries cross product query returns "OK" response
    
    import com.datadog.api.client.ApiClient;
    import com.datadog.api.client.ApiException;
    import com.datadog.api.client.v2.api.MetricsApi;
    import com.datadog.api.client.v2.model.FormulaLimit;
    import com.datadog.api.client.v2.model.MetricsDataSource;
    import com.datadog.api.client.v2.model.MetricsTimeseriesQuery;
    import com.datadog.api.client.v2.model.QueryFormula;
    import com.datadog.api.client.v2.model.QuerySortOrder;
    import com.datadog.api.client.v2.model.TimeseriesFormulaQueryRequest;
    import com.datadog.api.client.v2.model.TimeseriesFormulaQueryResponse;
    import com.datadog.api.client.v2.model.TimeseriesFormulaRequest;
    import com.datadog.api.client.v2.model.TimeseriesFormulaRequestAttributes;
    import com.datadog.api.client.v2.model.TimeseriesFormulaRequestType;
    import com.datadog.api.client.v2.model.TimeseriesQuery;
    import java.util.Collections;
    
    public class Example {
      public static void main(String[] args) {
        ApiClient defaultClient = ApiClient.getDefaultApiClient();
        MetricsApi apiInstance = new MetricsApi(defaultClient);
    
        TimeseriesFormulaQueryRequest body =
            new TimeseriesFormulaQueryRequest()
                .data(
                    new TimeseriesFormulaRequest()
                        .attributes(
                            new TimeseriesFormulaRequestAttributes()
                                .formulas(
                                    Collections.singletonList(
                                        new QueryFormula()
                                            .formula("a")
                                            .limit(
                                                new FormulaLimit()
                                                    .count(10)
                                                    .order(QuerySortOrder.DESC))))
                                .from(1636625471000L)
                                .interval(5000L)
                                .queries(
                                    Collections.singletonList(
                                        new TimeseriesQuery(
                                            new MetricsTimeseriesQuery()
                                                .dataSource(MetricsDataSource.METRICS)
                                                .query("avg:datadog.estimated_usage.metrics.custom{*}")
                                                .name("a"))))
                                .to(1636629071000L))
                        .type(TimeseriesFormulaRequestType.TIMESERIES_REQUEST));
    
        try {
          TimeseriesFormulaQueryResponse result = apiInstance.queryTimeseriesData(body);
          System.out.println(result);
        } catch (ApiException e) {
          System.err.println("Exception when calling MetricsApi#queryTimeseriesData");
          System.err.println("Status code: " + e.getCode());
          System.err.println("Reason: " + e.getResponseBody());
          System.err.println("Response headers: " + e.getResponseHeaders());
          e.printStackTrace();
        }
      }
    }
    

#### Instructions

First [install the library and its
dependencies](https://docs.datadoghq.com/api/latest/?code-lang=java) and then
save the example to `Example.java` and run following commands:

    
    
        
    
    DD_SITE="datadoghq.comus3.datadoghq.comus5.datadoghq.comdatadoghq.euap1.datadoghq.comddog-gov.com" DD_API_KEY="<DD_API_KEY>" DD_APP_KEY="<DD_APP_KEY>" java "Example.java"

#####  Timeseries cross product query returns "OK" response

    
    
    """
    Timeseries cross product query returns "OK" response
    """
    
    from datadog_api_client import ApiClient, Configuration
    from datadog_api_client.v2.api.metrics_api import MetricsApi
    from datadog_api_client.v2.model.formula_limit import FormulaLimit
    from datadog_api_client.v2.model.metrics_data_source import MetricsDataSource
    from datadog_api_client.v2.model.metrics_timeseries_query import MetricsTimeseriesQuery
    from datadog_api_client.v2.model.query_formula import QueryFormula
    from datadog_api_client.v2.model.query_sort_order import QuerySortOrder
    from datadog_api_client.v2.model.timeseries_formula_query_request import TimeseriesFormulaQueryRequest
    from datadog_api_client.v2.model.timeseries_formula_request import TimeseriesFormulaRequest
    from datadog_api_client.v2.model.timeseries_formula_request_attributes import TimeseriesFormulaRequestAttributes
    from datadog_api_client.v2.model.timeseries_formula_request_queries import TimeseriesFormulaRequestQueries
    from datadog_api_client.v2.model.timeseries_formula_request_type import TimeseriesFormulaRequestType
    
    body = TimeseriesFormulaQueryRequest(
        data=TimeseriesFormulaRequest(
            attributes=TimeseriesFormulaRequestAttributes(
                formulas=[
                    QueryFormula(
                        formula="a",
                        limit=FormulaLimit(
                            count=10,
                            order=QuerySortOrder.DESC,
                        ),
                    ),
                ],
                _from=1636625471000,
                interval=5000,
                queries=TimeseriesFormulaRequestQueries(
                    [
                        MetricsTimeseriesQuery(
                            data_source=MetricsDataSource.METRICS,
                            query="avg:datadog.estimated_usage.metrics.custom{*}",
                            name="a",
                        ),
                    ]
                ),
                to=1636629071000,
            ),
            type=TimeseriesFormulaRequestType.TIMESERIES_REQUEST,
        ),
    )
    
    configuration = Configuration()
    with ApiClient(configuration) as api_client:
        api_instance = MetricsApi(api_client)
        response = api_instance.query_timeseries_data(body=body)
    
        print(response)
    

#### Instructions

First [install the library and its
dependencies](https://docs.datadoghq.com/api/latest/?code-lang=python) and
then save the example to `example.py` and run following commands:

    
    
        
    
    DD_SITE="datadoghq.comus3.datadoghq.comus5.datadoghq.comdatadoghq.euap1.datadoghq.comddog-gov.com" DD_API_KEY="<DD_API_KEY>" DD_APP_KEY="<DD_APP_KEY>" python3 "example.py"

#####  Timeseries cross product query returns "OK" response

    
    
    # Timeseries cross product query returns "OK" response
    
    require "datadog_api_client"
    api_instance = DatadogAPIClient::V2::MetricsAPI.new
    
    body = DatadogAPIClient::V2::TimeseriesFormulaQueryRequest.new({
      data: DatadogAPIClient::V2::TimeseriesFormulaRequest.new({
        attributes: DatadogAPIClient::V2::TimeseriesFormulaRequestAttributes.new({
          formulas: [
            DatadogAPIClient::V2::QueryFormula.new({
              formula: "a",
              limit: DatadogAPIClient::V2::FormulaLimit.new({
                count: 10,
                order: DatadogAPIClient::V2::QuerySortOrder::DESC,
              }),
            }),
          ],
          from: 1636625471000,
          interval: 5000,
          queries: [
            DatadogAPIClient::V2::MetricsTimeseriesQuery.new({
              data_source: DatadogAPIClient::V2::MetricsDataSource::METRICS,
              query: "avg:datadog.estimated_usage.metrics.custom{*}",
              name: "a",
            }),
          ],
          to: 1636629071000,
        }),
        type: DatadogAPIClient::V2::TimeseriesFormulaRequestType::TIMESERIES_REQUEST,
      }),
    })
    p api_instance.query_timeseries_data(body)
    

#### Instructions

First [install the library and its
dependencies](https://docs.datadoghq.com/api/latest/?code-lang=ruby) and then
save the example to `example.rb` and run following commands:

    
    
        
    
    DD_SITE="datadoghq.comus3.datadoghq.comus5.datadoghq.comdatadoghq.euap1.datadoghq.comddog-gov.com" DD_API_KEY="<DD_API_KEY>" DD_APP_KEY="<DD_APP_KEY>" rb "example.rb"

#####  Timeseries cross product query returns "OK" response

    
    
    // Timeseries cross product query returns "OK" response
    use datadog_api_client::datadog;
    use datadog_api_client::datadogV2::api_metrics::MetricsAPI;
    use datadog_api_client::datadogV2::model::FormulaLimit;
    use datadog_api_client::datadogV2::model::MetricsDataSource;
    use datadog_api_client::datadogV2::model::MetricsTimeseriesQuery;
    use datadog_api_client::datadogV2::model::QueryFormula;
    use datadog_api_client::datadogV2::model::QuerySortOrder;
    use datadog_api_client::datadogV2::model::TimeseriesFormulaQueryRequest;
    use datadog_api_client::datadogV2::model::TimeseriesFormulaRequest;
    use datadog_api_client::datadogV2::model::TimeseriesFormulaRequestAttributes;
    use datadog_api_client::datadogV2::model::TimeseriesFormulaRequestType;
    use datadog_api_client::datadogV2::model::TimeseriesQuery;
    
    #[tokio::main]
    async fn main() {
        let body = TimeseriesFormulaQueryRequest::new(TimeseriesFormulaRequest::new(
            TimeseriesFormulaRequestAttributes::new(
                1636625471000,
                vec![TimeseriesQuery::MetricsTimeseriesQuery(Box::new(
                    MetricsTimeseriesQuery::new(
                        MetricsDataSource::METRICS,
                        "avg:datadog.estimated_usage.metrics.custom{*}".to_string(),
                    )
                    .name("a".to_string()),
                ))],
                1636629071000,
            )
            .formulas(vec![QueryFormula::new("a".to_string())
                .limit(FormulaLimit::new().count(10).order(QuerySortOrder::DESC))])
            .interval(5000),
            TimeseriesFormulaRequestType::TIMESERIES_REQUEST,
        ));
        let configuration = datadog::Configuration::new();
        let api = MetricsAPI::with_config(configuration);
        let resp = api.query_timeseries_data(body).await;
        if let Ok(value) = resp {
            println!("{:#?}", value);
        } else {
            println!("{:#?}", resp.unwrap_err());
        }
    }
    

#### Instructions

First [install the library and its
dependencies](https://docs.datadoghq.com/api/latest/?code-lang=rust) and then
save the example to `src/main.rs` and run following commands:

    
    
        
    
    DD_SITE="datadoghq.comus3.datadoghq.comus5.datadoghq.comdatadoghq.euap1.datadoghq.comddog-gov.com" DD_API_KEY="<DD_API_KEY>" DD_APP_KEY="<DD_APP_KEY>" cargo run

#####  Timeseries cross product query returns "OK" response

    
    
    /**
     * Timeseries cross product query returns "OK" response
     */
    
    import { client, v2 } from "@datadog/datadog-api-client";
    
    const configuration = client.createConfiguration();
    const apiInstance = new v2.MetricsApi(configuration);
    
    const params: v2.MetricsApiQueryTimeseriesDataRequest = {
      body: {
        data: {
          attributes: {
            formulas: [
              {
                formula: "a",
                limit: {
                  count: 10,
                  order: "desc",
                },
              },
            ],
            from: 1636625471000,
            interval: 5000,
            queries: [
              {
                dataSource: "metrics",
                query: "avg:datadog.estimated_usage.metrics.custom{*}",
                name: "a",
              },
            ],
            to: 1636629071000,
          },
          type: "timeseries_request",
        },
      },
    };
    
    apiInstance
      .queryTimeseriesData(params)
      .then((data: v2.TimeseriesFormulaQueryResponse) => {
        console.log(
          "API called successfully. Returned data: " + JSON.stringify(data)
        );
      })
      .catch((error: any) => console.error(error));
    

#### Instructions

First [install the library and its
dependencies](https://docs.datadoghq.com/api/latest/?code-lang=typescript) and
then save the example to `example.ts` and run following commands:

    
    
        
    
    DD_SITE="datadoghq.comus3.datadoghq.comus5.datadoghq.comdatadoghq.euap1.datadoghq.comddog-gov.com" DD_API_KEY="<DD_API_KEY>" DD_APP_KEY="<DD_APP_KEY>" tsc "example.ts"

* * *

## Submit distribution points

  * v1 (latest)

POST
https://api.ap1.datadoghq.com/api/v1/distribution_pointshttps://api.datadoghq.eu/api/v1/distribution_pointshttps://api.ddog-
gov.com/api/v1/distribution_pointshttps://api.datadoghq.com/api/v1/distribution_pointshttps://api.us3.datadoghq.com/api/v1/distribution_pointshttps://api.us5.datadoghq.com/api/v1/distribution_points

### Overview

The distribution points end-point allows you to post distribution data that
can be graphed on Datadog’s dashboards.

### Arguments

#### Header Parameters

Name

Type

Description

Content-Encoding

string

HTTP header used to compress the media-type.

### Request

#### Body Data (required)

  * Model
  * Example

Expand All

Field

Type

Description

series [_required_]

[object]

A list of distribution points series to submit to Datadog.

host

string

The name of the host that produced the distribution point metric.

metric [_required_]

string

The name of the distribution points metric.

points [_required_]

[array]

Points relating to the distribution point metric. All points must be tuples
with timestamp and a list of values (cannot be a string). Timestamps should be
in POSIX time in seconds.

tags

[string]

A list of tags associated with the distribution point metric.

type

enum

The type of the distribution point. Allowed enum values: `distribution`

default: `distribution`

#####  Submit deflate distribution points returns "Payload accepted" response

    
    
    {
      "series": [
        {
          "metric": "system.load.1.dist",
          "points": [
            [
              1636629071,
              [
                1.0,
                2.0
              ]
            ]
          ]
        }
      ]
    }

#####  Submit distribution points returns "Payload accepted" response

    
    
    {
      "series": [
        {
          "metric": "system.load.1.dist",
          "points": [
            [
              1636629071,
              [
                1.0,
                2.0
              ]
            ]
          ]
        }
      ]
    }

### Response

  * 202
  * 400
  * 403
  * 408
  * 413
  * 429

Payload accepted

  * Model
  * Example

The payload accepted for intake.

Expand All

Field

Type

Description

status

string

The status of the intake payload.

    
    
    {
      "status": "ok"
    }

Bad Request

  * Model
  * Example

Error response object.

Expand All

Field

Type

Description

errors [_required_]

[string]

Array of errors returned by the API.

    
    
    {
      "errors": [
        "Bad Request"
      ]
    }

Authentication error

  * Model
  * Example

Error response object.

Expand All

Field

Type

Description

errors [_required_]

[string]

Array of errors returned by the API.

    
    
    {
      "errors": [
        "Bad Request"
      ]
    }

Request timeout

  * Model
  * Example

Error response object.

Expand All

Field

Type

Description

errors [_required_]

[string]

Array of errors returned by the API.

    
    
    {
      "errors": [
        "Bad Request"
      ]
    }

Payload too large

  * Model
  * Example

Error response object.

Expand All

Field

Type

Description

errors [_required_]

[string]

Array of errors returned by the API.

    
    
    {
      "errors": [
        "Bad Request"
      ]
    }

Too many requests

  * Model
  * Example

Error response object.

Expand All

Field

Type

Description

errors [_required_]

[string]

Array of errors returned by the API.

    
    
    {
      "errors": [
        "Bad Request"
      ]
    }

### Code Example

  * [Curl](?code-lang=curl#)
  * [Go](?code-lang=go#)
  * [Java](?code-lang=java#)
  * [Python](?code-lang=python#)
  * [Ruby](?code-lang=ruby#)
  * [Rust](?code-lang=rust#)
  * [Typescript](?code-lang=typescript#)

#####  Submit deflate distribution points returns "Payload accepted" response

Copy

    
    
                              ## Dynamic Points
    # Post time-series data that can be graphed on Datadog’s dashboards.
      
    See one of the other client libraries for an example of sending deflate-compressed data.  
      
    
                            

#####  Submit distribution points returns "Payload accepted" response

Copy

    
    
                              ## Dynamic Points
    # Post time-series data that can be graphed on Datadog’s dashboards.
      
    # Template variables  
    export NOW="$(date +%s)"  
    # Curl command  
    curl -X POST "https://api.ap1.datadoghq.com"https://api.datadoghq.eu"https://api.ddog-gov.com"https://api.datadoghq.com"https://api.us3.datadoghq.com"https://api.us5.datadoghq.com/api/v1/distribution_points" \
    -H "Accept: application/json" \
    -H "Content-Type: text/json" \
    -H "DD-API-KEY: ${DD_API_KEY}" \
    -d @- << EOF
    {
      "series": [
        {
          "metric": "system.load.1.dist",
          "points": [[${NOW}, [1234.5]]]
        }
      ]
    }
    
    EOF  
    
                            

#####  Submit deflate distribution points returns "Payload accepted" response
__

    
    
    // Submit deflate distribution points returns "Payload accepted" response
    package main
    
    import (
    	"context"
    	"encoding/json"
    	"fmt"
    	"os"
    	"time"
    
    	"github.com/DataDog/datadog-api-client-go/v2/api/datadog"
    	"github.com/DataDog/datadog-api-client-go/v2/api/datadogV1"
    )
    
    func main() {
    	body := datadogV1.DistributionPointsPayload{
    		Series: []datadogV1.DistributionPointsSeries{
    			{
    				Metric: "system.load.1.dist",
    				Points: [][]datadogV1.DistributionPointItem{
    					{
    						{DistributionPointTimestamp: datadog.PtrFloat64(float64(time.Now().Unix()))},
    						{DistributionPointData: &[]float64{
    							1.0,
    							2.0,
    						}},
    					},
    				},
    			},
    		},
    	}
    	ctx := datadog.NewDefaultContext(context.Background())
    	configuration := datadog.NewConfiguration()
    	apiClient := datadog.NewAPIClient(configuration)
    	api := datadogV1.NewMetricsApi(apiClient)
    	resp, r, err := api.SubmitDistributionPoints(ctx, body, *datadogV1.NewSubmitDistributionPointsOptionalParameters().WithContentEncoding(datadogV1.DISTRIBUTIONPOINTSCONTENTENCODING_DEFLATE))
    
    	if err != nil {
    		fmt.Fprintf(os.Stderr, "Error when calling `MetricsApi.SubmitDistributionPoints`: %v\n", err)
    		fmt.Fprintf(os.Stderr, "Full HTTP response: %v\n", r)
    	}
    
    	responseContent, _ := json.MarshalIndent(resp, "", "  ")
    	fmt.Fprintf(os.Stdout, "Response from `MetricsApi.SubmitDistributionPoints`:\n%s\n", responseContent)
    }
    

#####  Submit distribution points returns "Payload accepted" response __

    
    
    // Submit distribution points returns "Payload accepted" response
    package main
    
    import (
    	"context"
    	"encoding/json"
    	"fmt"
    	"os"
    	"time"
    
    	"github.com/DataDog/datadog-api-client-go/v2/api/datadog"
    	"github.com/DataDog/datadog-api-client-go/v2/api/datadogV1"
    )
    
    func main() {
    	body := datadogV1.DistributionPointsPayload{
    		Series: []datadogV1.DistributionPointsSeries{
    			{
    				Metric: "system.load.1.dist",
    				Points: [][]datadogV1.DistributionPointItem{
    					{
    						{DistributionPointTimestamp: datadog.PtrFloat64(float64(time.Now().Unix()))},
    						{DistributionPointData: &[]float64{
    							1.0,
    							2.0,
    						}},
    					},
    				},
    			},
    		},
    	}
    	ctx := datadog.NewDefaultContext(context.Background())
    	configuration := datadog.NewConfiguration()
    	apiClient := datadog.NewAPIClient(configuration)
    	api := datadogV1.NewMetricsApi(apiClient)
    	resp, r, err := api.SubmitDistributionPoints(ctx, body, *datadogV1.NewSubmitDistributionPointsOptionalParameters())
    
    	if err != nil {
    		fmt.Fprintf(os.Stderr, "Error when calling `MetricsApi.SubmitDistributionPoints`: %v\n", err)
    		fmt.Fprintf(os.Stderr, "Full HTTP response: %v\n", r)
    	}
    
    	responseContent, _ := json.MarshalIndent(resp, "", "  ")
    	fmt.Fprintf(os.Stdout, "Response from `MetricsApi.SubmitDistributionPoints`:\n%s\n", responseContent)
    }
    

#### Instructions

First [install the library and its
dependencies](https://docs.datadoghq.com/api/latest/?code-lang=go) and then
save the example to `main.go` and run following commands:

    
    
        
    
    DD_SITE="datadoghq.comus3.datadoghq.comus5.datadoghq.comdatadoghq.euap1.datadoghq.comddog-gov.com" DD_API_KEY="<DD_API_KEY>" go run "main.go"

#####  Submit deflate distribution points returns "Payload accepted" response
__

    
    
    // Submit deflate distribution points returns "Payload accepted" response
    import com.datadog.api.client.ApiClient;
    import com.datadog.api.client.ApiException;
    import com.datadog.api.client.v1.api.MetricsApi;
    import com.datadog.api.client.v1.api.MetricsApi.SubmitDistributionPointsOptionalParameters;
    import com.datadog.api.client.v1.model.DistributionPointItem;
    import com.datadog.api.client.v1.model.DistributionPointsContentEncoding;
    import com.datadog.api.client.v1.model.DistributionPointsPayload;
    import com.datadog.api.client.v1.model.DistributionPointsSeries;
    import com.datadog.api.client.v1.model.IntakePayloadAccepted;
    import java.time.OffsetDateTime;
    import java.util.Arrays;
    import java.util.Collections;
    
    public class Example {
      public static void main(String[] args) {
        ApiClient defaultClient = ApiClient.getDefaultApiClient();
        MetricsApi apiInstance = new MetricsApi(defaultClient);
    
        DistributionPointsPayload body =
            new DistributionPointsPayload()
                .series(
                    Collections.singletonList(
                        new DistributionPointsSeries()
                            .metric("system.load.1.dist")
                            .points(
                                Collections.singletonList(
                                    Arrays.asList(
                                        new DistributionPointItem(
                                            Long.valueOf(
                                                    OffsetDateTime.now().toInstant().getEpochSecond())
                                                .doubleValue()),
                                        new DistributionPointItem(Arrays.asList(1.0, 2.0)))))));
    
        try {
          IntakePayloadAccepted result =
              apiInstance.submitDistributionPoints(
                  body,
                  new SubmitDistributionPointsOptionalParameters()
                      .contentEncoding(DistributionPointsContentEncoding.DEFLATE));
          System.out.println(result);
        } catch (ApiException e) {
          System.err.println("Exception when calling MetricsApi#submitDistributionPoints");
          System.err.println("Status code: " + e.getCode());
          System.err.println("Reason: " + e.getResponseBody());
          System.err.println("Response headers: " + e.getResponseHeaders());
          e.printStackTrace();
        }
      }
    }
    

#####  Submit distribution points returns "Payload accepted" response __

    
    
    // Submit distribution points returns "Payload accepted" response
    import com.datadog.api.client.ApiClient;
    import com.datadog.api.client.ApiException;
    import com.datadog.api.client.v1.api.MetricsApi;
    import com.datadog.api.client.v1.model.DistributionPointItem;
    import com.datadog.api.client.v1.model.DistributionPointsPayload;
    import com.datadog.api.client.v1.model.DistributionPointsSeries;
    import com.datadog.api.client.v1.model.IntakePayloadAccepted;
    import java.time.OffsetDateTime;
    import java.util.Arrays;
    import java.util.Collections;
    
    public class Example {
      public static void main(String[] args) {
        ApiClient defaultClient = ApiClient.getDefaultApiClient();
        MetricsApi apiInstance = new MetricsApi(defaultClient);
    
        DistributionPointsPayload body =
            new DistributionPointsPayload()
                .series(
                    Collections.singletonList(
                        new DistributionPointsSeries()
                            .metric("system.load.1.dist")
                            .points(
                                Collections.singletonList(
                                    Arrays.asList(
                                        new DistributionPointItem(
                                            Long.valueOf(
                                                    OffsetDateTime.now().toInstant().getEpochSecond())
                                                .doubleValue()),
                                        new DistributionPointItem(Arrays.asList(1.0, 2.0)))))));
    
        try {
          IntakePayloadAccepted result = apiInstance.submitDistributionPoints(body);
          System.out.println(result);
        } catch (ApiException e) {
          System.err.println("Exception when calling MetricsApi#submitDistributionPoints");
          System.err.println("Status code: " + e.getCode());
          System.err.println("Reason: " + e.getResponseBody());
          System.err.println("Response headers: " + e.getResponseHeaders());
          e.printStackTrace();
        }
      }
    }
    

#### Instructions

First [install the library and its
dependencies](https://docs.datadoghq.com/api/latest/?code-lang=java) and then
save the example to `Example.java` and run following commands:

    
    
        
    
    DD_SITE="datadoghq.comus3.datadoghq.comus5.datadoghq.comdatadoghq.euap1.datadoghq.comddog-gov.com" DD_API_KEY="<DD_API_KEY>" java "Example.java"

#####  Submit deflate distribution points returns "Payload accepted" response
__

    
    
    """ Submit deflate distribution points returns "Payload accepted" response
    """
    
    from datetime import datetime
    from datadog_api_client import ApiClient, Configuration
    from datadog_api_client.v1.api.metrics_api import MetricsApi
    from datadog_api_client.v1.model.distribution_point import DistributionPoint
    from datadog_api_client.v1.model.distribution_points_content_encoding import DistributionPointsContentEncoding
    from datadog_api_client.v1.model.distribution_points_payload import DistributionPointsPayload
    from datadog_api_client.v1.model.distribution_points_series import DistributionPointsSeries
    
    body = DistributionPointsPayload(
        series=[
            DistributionPointsSeries(
                metric="system.load.1.dist",
                points=[
                    DistributionPoint(
                        [
                            datetime.now().timestamp(),
                            [1.0, 2.0],
                        ]
                    ),
                ],
            ),
        ],
    )
    
    configuration = Configuration()
    with ApiClient(configuration) as api_client:
        api_instance = MetricsApi(api_client)
        response = api_instance.submit_distribution_points(
            content_encoding=DistributionPointsContentEncoding.DEFLATE, body=body
        )
    
        print(response)
    

#####  Submit distribution points returns "Payload accepted" response __

    
    
    """ Submit distribution points returns "Payload accepted" response
    """
    
    from datetime import datetime
    from datadog_api_client import ApiClient, Configuration
    from datadog_api_client.v1.api.metrics_api import MetricsApi
    from datadog_api_client.v1.model.distribution_point import DistributionPoint
    from datadog_api_client.v1.model.distribution_points_payload import DistributionPointsPayload
    from datadog_api_client.v1.model.distribution_points_series import DistributionPointsSeries
    
    body = DistributionPointsPayload(
        series=[
            DistributionPointsSeries(
                metric="system.load.1.dist",
                points=[
                    DistributionPoint(
                        [
                            datetime.now().timestamp(),
                            [1.0, 2.0],
                        ]
                    ),
                ],
            ),
        ],
    )
    
    configuration = Configuration()
    with ApiClient(configuration) as api_client:
        api_instance = MetricsApi(api_client)
        response = api_instance.submit_distribution_points(body=body)
    
        print(response)
    

#### Instructions

First [install the library and its
dependencies](https://docs.datadoghq.com/api/latest/?code-lang=python) and
then save the example to `example.py` and run following commands:

    
    
        
    
    DD_SITE="datadoghq.comus3.datadoghq.comus5.datadoghq.comdatadoghq.euap1.datadoghq.comddog-gov.com" DD_API_KEY="<DD_API_KEY>" python3 "example.py"

#####  Submit deflate distribution points returns "Payload accepted" response
__

    
    
    # Submit deflate distribution points returns "Payload accepted" response
    
    require "datadog_api_client"
    api_instance = DatadogAPIClient::V1::MetricsAPI.new
    
    body = DatadogAPIClient::V1::DistributionPointsPayload.new({
      series: [
        DatadogAPIClient::V1::DistributionPointsSeries.new({
          metric: "system.load.1.dist",
          points: [
            [
              Time.now,
              [
                1.0,
                2.0,
              ],
            ],
          ],
        }),
      ],
    })
    opts = {
      content_encoding: DistributionPointsContentEncoding::DEFLATE,
    }
    p api_instance.submit_distribution_points(body, opts)
    

#####  Submit distribution points returns "Payload accepted" response __

    
    
    # Submit distribution points returns "Payload accepted" response
    
    require "datadog_api_client"
    api_instance = DatadogAPIClient::V1::MetricsAPI.new
    
    body = DatadogAPIClient::V1::DistributionPointsPayload.new({
      series: [
        DatadogAPIClient::V1::DistributionPointsSeries.new({
          metric: "system.load.1.dist",
          points: [
            [
              Time.now,
              [
                1.0,
                2.0,
              ],
            ],
          ],
        }),
      ],
    })
    p api_instance.submit_distribution_points(body)
    

#### Instructions

First [install the library and its
dependencies](https://docs.datadoghq.com/api/latest/?code-lang=ruby) and then
save the example to `example.rb` and run following commands:

    
    
        
    
    DD_SITE="datadoghq.comus3.datadoghq.comus5.datadoghq.comdatadoghq.euap1.datadoghq.comddog-gov.com" DD_API_KEY="<DD_API_KEY>" rb "example.rb"

#####  Submit deflate distribution points returns "Payload accepted" response
__

    
    
    // Submit deflate distribution points returns "Payload accepted" response use datadog_api_client::datadog;
    use datadog_api_client::datadogV1::api_metrics::MetricsAPI;
    use datadog_api_client::datadogV1::api_metrics::SubmitDistributionPointsOptionalParams;
    use datadog_api_client::datadogV1::model::DistributionPointItem;
    use datadog_api_client::datadogV1::model::DistributionPointsContentEncoding;
    use datadog_api_client::datadogV1::model::DistributionPointsPayload;
    use datadog_api_client::datadogV1::model::DistributionPointsSeries;
    
    #[tokio::main]
    async fn main() {
        let body = DistributionPointsPayload::new(vec![DistributionPointsSeries::new(
            "system.load.1.dist".to_string(),
            vec![vec![
                DistributionPointItem::DistributionPointTimestamp(1636629071.0 as f64),
                DistributionPointItem::DistributionPointData(vec![1.0, 2.0]),
            ]],
        )]);
        let configuration = datadog::Configuration::new();
        let api = MetricsAPI::with_config(configuration);
        let resp = api
            .submit_distribution_points(
                body,
                SubmitDistributionPointsOptionalParams::default()
                    .content_encoding(DistributionPointsContentEncoding::DEFLATE),
            )
            .await;
        if let Ok(value) = resp {
            println!("{:#?}", value);
        } else {
            println!("{:#?}", resp.unwrap_err());
        }
    }
    

#####  Submit distribution points returns "Payload accepted" response __

    
    
    // Submit distribution points returns "Payload accepted" response use datadog_api_client::datadog;
    use datadog_api_client::datadogV1::api_metrics::MetricsAPI;
    use datadog_api_client::datadogV1::api_metrics::SubmitDistributionPointsOptionalParams;
    use datadog_api_client::datadogV1::model::DistributionPointItem;
    use datadog_api_client::datadogV1::model::DistributionPointsPayload;
    use datadog_api_client::datadogV1::model::DistributionPointsSeries;
    
    #[tokio::main]
    async fn main() {
        let body = DistributionPointsPayload::new(vec![DistributionPointsSeries::new(
            "system.load.1.dist".to_string(),
            vec![vec![
                DistributionPointItem::DistributionPointTimestamp(1636629071.0 as f64),
                DistributionPointItem::DistributionPointData(vec![1.0, 2.0]),
            ]],
        )]);
        let configuration = datadog::Configuration::new();
        let api = MetricsAPI::with_config(configuration);
        let resp = api
            .submit_distribution_points(body, SubmitDistributionPointsOptionalParams::default())
            .await;
        if let Ok(value) = resp {
            println!("{:#?}", value);
        } else {
            println!("{:#?}", resp.unwrap_err());
        }
    }
    

#### Instructions

First [install the library and its
dependencies](https://docs.datadoghq.com/api/latest/?code-lang=rust) and then
save the example to `src/main.rs` and run following commands:

    
    
        
    
    DD_SITE="datadoghq.comus3.datadoghq.comus5.datadoghq.comdatadoghq.euap1.datadoghq.comddog-gov.com" DD_API_KEY="<DD_API_KEY>" cargo run

#####  Submit deflate distribution points returns "Payload accepted" response
__

    
    
    /** * Submit deflate distribution points returns "Payload accepted" response
     */
    
    import { client, v1 } from "@datadog/datadog-api-client";
    
    const configuration = client.createConfiguration();
    const apiInstance = new v1.MetricsApi(configuration);
    
    const params: v1.MetricsApiSubmitDistributionPointsRequest = {
      body: {
        series: [
          {
            metric: "system.load.1.dist",
            points: [[Math.round(new Date().getTime() / 1000), [1.0, 2.0]]],
          },
        ],
      },
      contentEncoding: "deflate",
    };
    
    apiInstance
      .submitDistributionPoints(params)
      .then((data: v1.IntakePayloadAccepted) => {
        console.log(
          "API called successfully. Returned data: " + JSON.stringify(data)
        );
      })
      .catch((error: any) => console.error(error));
    

#####  Submit distribution points returns "Payload accepted" response __

    
    
    /** * Submit distribution points returns "Payload accepted" response
     */
    
    import { client, v1 } from "@datadog/datadog-api-client";
    
    const configuration = client.createConfiguration();
    const apiInstance = new v1.MetricsApi(configuration);
    
    const params: v1.MetricsApiSubmitDistributionPointsRequest = {
      body: {
        series: [
          {
            metric: "system.load.1.dist",
            points: [[Math.round(new Date().getTime() / 1000), [1.0, 2.0]]],
          },
        ],
      },
    };
    
    apiInstance
      .submitDistributionPoints(params)
      .then((data: v1.IntakePayloadAccepted) => {
        console.log(
          "API called successfully. Returned data: " + JSON.stringify(data)
        );
      })
      .catch((error: any) => console.error(error));
    

#### Instructions

First [install the library and its
dependencies](https://docs.datadoghq.com/api/latest/?code-lang=typescript) and
then save the example to `example.ts` and run following commands:

    
    
        
    
    DD_SITE="datadoghq.comus3.datadoghq.comus5.datadoghq.comdatadoghq.euap1.datadoghq.comddog-gov.com" DD_API_KEY="<DD_API_KEY>" tsc "example.ts"

* * *

## Submit metrics

  * v1
  * v2 (latest)

POST
https://api.ap1.datadoghq.com/api/v1/serieshttps://api.datadoghq.eu/api/v1/serieshttps://api.ddog-
gov.com/api/v1/serieshttps://api.datadoghq.com/api/v1/serieshttps://api.us3.datadoghq.com/api/v1/serieshttps://api.us5.datadoghq.com/api/v1/series

### Overview

The metrics end-point allows you to post time-series data that can be graphed
on Datadog’s dashboards. The maximum payload size is 3.2 megabytes (3200000
bytes). Compressed payloads must have a decompressed size of less than 62
megabytes (62914560 bytes).

If you’re submitting metrics directly to the Datadog API without using
DogStatsD, expect:

  * 64 bits for the timestamp
  * 64 bits for the value
  * 40 bytes for the metric names
  * 50 bytes for the timeseries
  * The full payload is approximately 100 bytes. However, with the DogStatsD API, compression is applied, which reduces the payload size.

### Arguments

#### Header Parameters

Name

Type

Description

Content-Encoding

string

HTTP header used to compress the media-type.

### Request

#### Body Data (required)

  * Model
  * Example

Expand All

Field

Type

Description

series [_required_]

[object]

A list of timeseries to submit to Datadog.

host

string

The name of the host that produced the metric.

interval

int64

If the type of the metric is rate or count, define the corresponding interval
in seconds.

metric [_required_]

string

The name of the timeseries.

points [_required_]

[array]

Points relating to a metric. All points must be tuples with timestamp and a
scalar value (cannot be a string). Timestamps should be in POSIX time in
seconds, and cannot be more than ten minutes in the future or more than one
hour in the past.

tags

[string]

A list of tags associated with the metric.

type

string

The type of the metric. Valid types are "",`count`, `gauge`, and `rate`.

#####  Submit deflate metrics returns "Payload accepted" response

    
    
    {
      "series": [
        {
          "metric": "system.load.1",
          "type": "gauge",
          "points": [
            [
              1636629071,
              1.1
            ]
          ],
          "tags": [
            "test:ExampleMetric"
          ]
        }
      ]
    }

#####  Submit metrics returns "Payload accepted" response

    
    
    {
      "series": [
        {
          "metric": "system.load.1",
          "type": "gauge",
          "points": [
            [
              1636629071,
              1.1
            ]
          ],
          "tags": [
            "test:ExampleMetric"
          ]
        }
      ]
    }

### Response

  * 202
  * 400
  * 403
  * 408
  * 413
  * 429

Payload accepted

  * Model
  * Example

The payload accepted for intake.

Expand All

Field

Type

Description

status

string

The status of the intake payload.

    
    
    {
      "status": "ok"
    }

Bad Request

  * Model
  * Example

Error response object.

Expand All

Field

Type

Description

errors [_required_]

[string]

Array of errors returned by the API.

    
    
    {
      "errors": [
        "Bad Request"
      ]
    }

Authentication error

  * Model
  * Example

Error response object.

Expand All

Field

Type

Description

errors [_required_]

[string]

Array of errors returned by the API.

    
    
    {
      "errors": [
        "Bad Request"
      ]
    }

Request timeout

  * Model
  * Example

Error response object.

Expand All

Field

Type

Description

errors [_required_]

[string]

Array of errors returned by the API.

    
    
    {
      "errors": [
        "Bad Request"
      ]
    }

Payload too large

  * Model
  * Example

Error response object.

Expand All

Field

Type

Description

errors [_required_]

[string]

Array of errors returned by the API.

    
    
    {
      "errors": [
        "Bad Request"
      ]
    }

Too many requests

  * Model
  * Example

Error response object.

Expand All

Field

Type

Description

errors [_required_]

[string]

Array of errors returned by the API.

    
    
    {
      "errors": [
        "Bad Request"
      ]
    }

### Code Example

  * [Curl](?code-lang=curl#)
  * [Go](?code-lang=go#)
  * [Java](?code-lang=java#)
  * [Python](?code-lang=python#)
  * [Ruby](?code-lang=ruby#)
  * [Rust](?code-lang=rust#)
  * [Typescript](?code-lang=typescript#)
  * [Python [legacy]](?code-lang=python-legacy#)
  * [Ruby [legacy]](?code-lang=ruby-legacy#)

#####  Submit deflate metrics returns "Payload accepted" response

Copy

    
    
                              ## Dynamic Points
    # Post time-series data that can be graphed on Datadog’s dashboards.
      
    See one of the other client libraries for an example of sending deflate-compressed data.  
      
    
                            

#####  Submit metrics returns "Payload accepted" response

Copy

    
    
                              ## Dynamic Points
    # Post time-series data that can be graphed on Datadog’s dashboards.
      
    # Template variables  
    export NOW="$(date +%s)"  
    # Curl command  
    curl -X POST "https://api.ap1.datadoghq.com"https://api.datadoghq.eu"https://api.ddog-gov.com"https://api.datadoghq.com"https://api.us3.datadoghq.com"https://api.us5.datadoghq.com/api/v1/series" \
    -H "Accept: application/json" \
    -H "Content-Type: text/json" \
    -H "DD-API-KEY: ${DD_API_KEY}" \
    -d @- << EOF
    {
      "series": [
        {
          "metric": "system.load.1",
          "points": [[${NOW}, 1234.5]]
        }
      ]
    }
    
    EOF  
    
                            

#####  Submit deflate metrics returns "Payload accepted" response __

    
    
    // Submit deflate metrics returns "Payload accepted" response
    package main
    
    import (
    	"context"
    	"encoding/json"
    	"fmt"
    	"os"
    	"time"
    
    	"github.com/DataDog/datadog-api-client-go/v2/api/datadog"
    	"github.com/DataDog/datadog-api-client-go/v2/api/datadogV1"
    )
    
    func main() {
    	body := datadogV1.MetricsPayload{
    		Series: []datadogV1.Series{
    			{
    				Metric: "system.load.1",
    				Type:   datadog.PtrString("gauge"),
    				Points: [][]*float64{
    					{
    						datadog.PtrFloat64(float64(time.Now().Unix())),
    						datadog.PtrFloat64(1.1),
    					},
    				},
    				Tags: []string{
    					"test:ExampleMetric",
    				},
    			},
    		},
    	}
    	ctx := datadog.NewDefaultContext(context.Background())
    	configuration := datadog.NewConfiguration()
    	apiClient := datadog.NewAPIClient(configuration)
    	api := datadogV1.NewMetricsApi(apiClient)
    	resp, r, err := api.SubmitMetrics(ctx, body, *datadogV1.NewSubmitMetricsOptionalParameters().WithContentEncoding(datadogV1.METRICCONTENTENCODING_DEFLATE))
    
    	if err != nil {
    		fmt.Fprintf(os.Stderr, "Error when calling `MetricsApi.SubmitMetrics`: %v\n", err)
    		fmt.Fprintf(os.Stderr, "Full HTTP response: %v\n", r)
    	}
    
    	responseContent, _ := json.MarshalIndent(resp, "", "  ")
    	fmt.Fprintf(os.Stdout, "Response from `MetricsApi.SubmitMetrics`:\n%s\n", responseContent)
    }
    

#####  Submit metrics returns "Payload accepted" response __

    
    
    // Submit metrics returns "Payload accepted" response
    package main
    
    import (
    	"context"
    	"encoding/json"
    	"fmt"
    	"os"
    	"time"
    
    	"github.com/DataDog/datadog-api-client-go/v2/api/datadog"
    	"github.com/DataDog/datadog-api-client-go/v2/api/datadogV1"
    )
    
    func main() {
    	body := datadogV1.MetricsPayload{
    		Series: []datadogV1.Series{
    			{
    				Metric: "system.load.1",
    				Type:   datadog.PtrString("gauge"),
    				Points: [][]*float64{
    					{
    						datadog.PtrFloat64(float64(time.Now().Unix())),
    						datadog.PtrFloat64(1.1),
    					},
    				},
    				Tags: []string{
    					"test:ExampleMetric",
    				},
    			},
    		},
    	}
    	ctx := datadog.NewDefaultContext(context.Background())
    	configuration := datadog.NewConfiguration()
    	apiClient := datadog.NewAPIClient(configuration)
    	api := datadogV1.NewMetricsApi(apiClient)
    	resp, r, err := api.SubmitMetrics(ctx, body, *datadogV1.NewSubmitMetricsOptionalParameters())
    
    	if err != nil {
    		fmt.Fprintf(os.Stderr, "Error when calling `MetricsApi.SubmitMetrics`: %v\n", err)
    		fmt.Fprintf(os.Stderr, "Full HTTP response: %v\n", r)
    	}
    
    	responseContent, _ := json.MarshalIndent(resp, "", "  ")
    	fmt.Fprintf(os.Stdout, "Response from `MetricsApi.SubmitMetrics`:\n%s\n", responseContent)
    }
    

#### Instructions

First [install the library and its
dependencies](https://docs.datadoghq.com/api/latest/?code-lang=go) and then
save the example to `main.go` and run following commands:

    
    
        
    
    DD_SITE="datadoghq.comus3.datadoghq.comus5.datadoghq.comdatadoghq.euap1.datadoghq.comddog-gov.com" DD_API_KEY="<DD_API_KEY>" go run "main.go"

#####  Submit deflate metrics returns "Payload accepted" response __

    
    
    // Submit deflate metrics returns "Payload accepted" response
    import com.datadog.api.client.ApiClient;
    import com.datadog.api.client.ApiException;
    import com.datadog.api.client.v1.api.MetricsApi;
    import com.datadog.api.client.v1.api.MetricsApi.SubmitMetricsOptionalParameters;
    import com.datadog.api.client.v1.model.IntakePayloadAccepted;
    import com.datadog.api.client.v1.model.MetricContentEncoding;
    import com.datadog.api.client.v1.model.MetricsPayload;
    import com.datadog.api.client.v1.model.Series;
    import java.time.OffsetDateTime;
    import java.util.Arrays;
    import java.util.Collections;
    
    public class Example {
      public static void main(String[] args) {
        ApiClient defaultClient = ApiClient.getDefaultApiClient();
        MetricsApi apiInstance = new MetricsApi(defaultClient);
    
        MetricsPayload body =
            new MetricsPayload()
                .series(
                    Collections.singletonList(
                        new Series()
                            .metric("system.load.1")
                            .type("gauge")
                            .points(
                                Collections.singletonList(
                                    Arrays.asList(
                                        Long.valueOf(OffsetDateTime.now().toInstant().getEpochSecond())
                                            .doubleValue(),
                                        1.1)))
                            .tags(Collections.singletonList("test:ExampleMetric"))));
    
        try {
          IntakePayloadAccepted result =
              apiInstance.submitMetrics(
                  body,
                  new SubmitMetricsOptionalParameters().contentEncoding(MetricContentEncoding.DEFLATE));
          System.out.println(result);
        } catch (ApiException e) {
          System.err.println("Exception when calling MetricsApi#submitMetrics");
          System.err.println("Status code: " + e.getCode());
          System.err.println("Reason: " + e.getResponseBody());
          System.err.println("Response headers: " + e.getResponseHeaders());
          e.printStackTrace();
        }
      }
    }
    

#####  Submit metrics returns "Payload accepted" response __

    
    
    // Submit metrics returns "Payload accepted" response
    import com.datadog.api.client.ApiClient;
    import com.datadog.api.client.ApiException;
    import com.datadog.api.client.v1.api.MetricsApi;
    import com.datadog.api.client.v1.model.IntakePayloadAccepted;
    import com.datadog.api.client.v1.model.MetricsPayload;
    import com.datadog.api.client.v1.model.Series;
    import java.time.OffsetDateTime;
    import java.util.Arrays;
    import java.util.Collections;
    
    public class Example {
      public static void main(String[] args) {
        ApiClient defaultClient = ApiClient.getDefaultApiClient();
        MetricsApi apiInstance = new MetricsApi(defaultClient);
    
        MetricsPayload body =
            new MetricsPayload()
                .series(
                    Collections.singletonList(
                        new Series()
                            .metric("system.load.1")
                            .type("gauge")
                            .points(
                                Collections.singletonList(
                                    Arrays.asList(
                                        Long.valueOf(OffsetDateTime.now().toInstant().getEpochSecond())
                                            .doubleValue(),
                                        1.1)))
                            .tags(Collections.singletonList("test:ExampleMetric"))));
    
        try {
          IntakePayloadAccepted result = apiInstance.submitMetrics(body);
          System.out.println(result);
        } catch (ApiException e) {
          System.err.println("Exception when calling MetricsApi#submitMetrics");
          System.err.println("Status code: " + e.getCode());
          System.err.println("Reason: " + e.getResponseBody());
          System.err.println("Response headers: " + e.getResponseHeaders());
          e.printStackTrace();
        }
      }
    }
    

#### Instructions

First [install the library and its
dependencies](https://docs.datadoghq.com/api/latest/?code-lang=java) and then
save the example to `Example.java` and run following commands:

    
    
        
    
    DD_SITE="datadoghq.comus3.datadoghq.comus5.datadoghq.comdatadoghq.euap1.datadoghq.comddog-gov.com" DD_API_KEY="<DD_API_KEY>" java "Example.java"

#####  Submit metrics returns "Payload accepted" response

    
    
    from datadog import initialize, api
    import time
    
    options = {
        'api_key': '<DATADOG_API_KEY>'
        ## EU costumers need to define 'api_host' as below
        #'api_host': 'https://api.datadoghq.eu/'
    }
    
    initialize(**options)
    
    now = time.time()
    future_10s = now + 10
    
    # Submit a single point with a timestamp of `now`
    api.Metric.send(metric='page.views', points=1000)
    
    # Submit a point with a timestamp (must be current)
    api.Metric.send(metric='my.pair', points=(now, 15))
    
    # Submit multiple points.
    api.Metric.send(
        metric='my.series',
        points=[
            (now, 15),
            (future_10s, 16)
        ]
    )
    
    # Submit a point with a host and tags.
    api.Metric.send(
        metric='my.series',
        points=100,
        host="myhost.example.com",
        tags=["version:1"]
    )
    
    # Submit multiple metrics
    api.Metric.send([{
        'metric': 'my.series',
        'points': 15
    }, {
        'metric': 'my1.series',
        'points': 16
    }])
    

#### Instructions

First [install the library and its
dependencies](https://docs.datadoghq.com/api/latest/?code-lang=python-legacy)
and then save the example to `example.py` and run following commands:

    
    
        
    
    DD_SITE="datadoghq.comus3.datadoghq.comus5.datadoghq.comdatadoghq.euap1.datadoghq.comddog-gov.com" DD_API_KEY="<DD_API_KEY>" python "example.py"

#####  Submit deflate metrics returns "Payload accepted" response __

    
    
    """ Submit deflate metrics returns "Payload accepted" response
    """
    
    from datetime import datetime
    from datadog_api_client import ApiClient, Configuration
    from datadog_api_client.v1.api.metrics_api import MetricsApi
    from datadog_api_client.v1.model.metric_content_encoding import MetricContentEncoding
    from datadog_api_client.v1.model.metrics_payload import MetricsPayload
    from datadog_api_client.v1.model.point import Point
    from datadog_api_client.v1.model.series import Series
    
    body = MetricsPayload(
        series=[
            Series(
                metric="system.load.1",
                type="gauge",
                points=[
                    Point(
                        [
                            datetime.now().timestamp(),
                            1.1,
                        ]
                    ),
                ],
                tags=[
                    "test:ExampleMetric",
                ],
            ),
        ],
    )
    
    configuration = Configuration()
    with ApiClient(configuration) as api_client:
        api_instance = MetricsApi(api_client)
        response = api_instance.submit_metrics(content_encoding=MetricContentEncoding.DEFLATE, body=body)
    
        print(response)
    

#####  Submit metrics returns "Payload accepted" response __

    
    
    """ Submit metrics returns "Payload accepted" response
    """
    
    from datetime import datetime
    from datadog_api_client import ApiClient, Configuration
    from datadog_api_client.v1.api.metrics_api import MetricsApi
    from datadog_api_client.v1.model.metrics_payload import MetricsPayload
    from datadog_api_client.v1.model.point import Point
    from datadog_api_client.v1.model.series import Series
    
    body = MetricsPayload(
        series=[
            Series(
                metric="system.load.1",
                type="gauge",
                points=[
                    Point(
                        [
                            datetime.now().timestamp(),
                            1.1,
                        ]
                    ),
                ],
                tags=[
                    "test:ExampleMetric",
                ],
            ),
        ],
    )
    
    configuration = Configuration()
    with ApiClient(configuration) as api_client:
        api_instance = MetricsApi(api_client)
        response = api_instance.submit_metrics(body=body)
    
        print(response)
    

#### Instructions

First [install the library and its
dependencies](https://docs.datadoghq.com/api/latest/?code-lang=python) and
then save the example to `example.py` and run following commands:

    
    
        
    
    DD_SITE="datadoghq.comus3.datadoghq.comus5.datadoghq.comdatadoghq.euap1.datadoghq.comddog-gov.com" DD_API_KEY="<DD_API_KEY>" python3 "example.py"

#####  Submit metrics returns "Payload accepted" response

    
    
    require 'rubygems'
    require 'dogapi'
    
    api_key = '<DATADOG_API_KEY>'
    
    dog = Dogapi::Client.new(api_key)
    
    # Submit one metric value.
    dog.emit_point('some.metric.name', 50.0, :host => "my_host.example.com")
    
    # Submit multiple metric values
    points = [
        [Time.now, 0],
        [Time.now + 10, 10.0],
        [Time.now + 20, 20.0]
    ]
    dog.emit_points('some.metric.name', points, :tags => ["version:1"])
    
    # Emit differents metrics in a single request to be more efficient
    dog.batch_metrics do
      dog.emit_point('test.api.test_metric',10)
      dog.emit_point('test.api.this_other_metric', 1)
    end
    

#### Instructions

First [install the library and its
dependencies](https://docs.datadoghq.com/api/latest/?code-lang=ruby-legacy)
and then save the example to `example.rb` and run following commands:

    
    
        
    
    DD_SITE="datadoghq.comus3.datadoghq.comus5.datadoghq.comdatadoghq.euap1.datadoghq.comddog-gov.com" DD_API_KEY="<DD_API_KEY>" rb "example.rb"

#####  Submit deflate metrics returns "Payload accepted" response __

    
    
    # Submit deflate metrics returns "Payload accepted" response
    
    require "datadog_api_client"
    api_instance = DatadogAPIClient::V1::MetricsAPI.new
    
    body = DatadogAPIClient::V1::MetricsPayload.new({
      series: [
        DatadogAPIClient::V1::Series.new({
          metric: "system.load.1",
          type: "gauge",
          points: [
            [
              Time.now.to_f,
              1.1,
            ],
          ],
          tags: [
            "test:ExampleMetric",
          ],
        }),
      ],
    })
    opts = {
      content_encoding: MetricContentEncoding::DEFLATE,
    }
    p api_instance.submit_metrics(body, opts)
    

#####  Submit metrics returns "Payload accepted" response __

    
    
    # Submit metrics returns "Payload accepted" response
    
    require "datadog_api_client"
    api_instance = DatadogAPIClient::V1::MetricsAPI.new
    
    body = DatadogAPIClient::V1::MetricsPayload.new({
      series: [
        DatadogAPIClient::V1::Series.new({
          metric: "system.load.1",
          type: "gauge",
          points: [
            [
              Time.now.to_f,
              1.1,
            ],
          ],
          tags: [
            "test:ExampleMetric",
          ],
        }),
      ],
    })
    p api_instance.submit_metrics(body)
    

#### Instructions

First [install the library and its
dependencies](https://docs.datadoghq.com/api/latest/?code-lang=ruby) and then
save the example to `example.rb` and run following commands:

    
    
        
    
    DD_SITE="datadoghq.comus3.datadoghq.comus5.datadoghq.comdatadoghq.euap1.datadoghq.comddog-gov.com" DD_API_KEY="<DD_API_KEY>" rb "example.rb"

#####  Submit deflate metrics returns "Payload accepted" response __

    
    
    // Submit deflate metrics returns "Payload accepted" response use datadog_api_client::datadog;
    use datadog_api_client::datadogV1::api_metrics::MetricsAPI;
    use datadog_api_client::datadogV1::api_metrics::SubmitMetricsOptionalParams;
    use datadog_api_client::datadogV1::model::MetricContentEncoding;
    use datadog_api_client::datadogV1::model::MetricsPayload;
    use datadog_api_client::datadogV1::model::Series;
    
    #[tokio::main]
    async fn main() {
        let body = MetricsPayload::new(vec![Series::new(
            "system.load.1".to_string(),
            vec![vec![Some(1636629071.0 as f64), Some(1.1 as f64)]],
        )
        .tags(vec!["test:ExampleMetric".to_string()])
        .type_("gauge".to_string())]);
        let configuration = datadog::Configuration::new();
        let api = MetricsAPI::with_config(configuration);
        let resp = api
            .submit_metrics(
                body,
                SubmitMetricsOptionalParams::default().content_encoding(MetricContentEncoding::DEFLATE),
            )
            .await;
        if let Ok(value) = resp {
            println!("{:#?}", value);
        } else {
            println!("{:#?}", resp.unwrap_err());
        }
    }
    

#####  Submit metrics returns "Payload accepted" response __

    
    
    // Submit metrics returns "Payload accepted" response use datadog_api_client::datadog;
    use datadog_api_client::datadogV1::api_metrics::MetricsAPI;
    use datadog_api_client::datadogV1::api_metrics::SubmitMetricsOptionalParams;
    use datadog_api_client::datadogV1::model::MetricsPayload;
    use datadog_api_client::datadogV1::model::Series;
    
    #[tokio::main]
    async fn main() {
        let body = MetricsPayload::new(vec![Series::new(
            "system.load.1".to_string(),
            vec![vec![Some(1636629071.0 as f64), Some(1.1 as f64)]],
        )
        .tags(vec!["test:ExampleMetric".to_string()])
        .type_("gauge".to_string())]);
        let configuration = datadog::Configuration::new();
        let api = MetricsAPI::with_config(configuration);
        let resp = api
            .submit_metrics(body, SubmitMetricsOptionalParams::default())
            .await;
        if let Ok(value) = resp {
            println!("{:#?}", value);
        } else {
            println!("{:#?}", resp.unwrap_err());
        }
    }
    

#### Instructions

First [install the library and its
dependencies](https://docs.datadoghq.com/api/latest/?code-lang=rust) and then
save the example to `src/main.rs` and run following commands:

    
    
        
    
    DD_SITE="datadoghq.comus3.datadoghq.comus5.datadoghq.comdatadoghq.euap1.datadoghq.comddog-gov.com" DD_API_KEY="<DD_API_KEY>" cargo run

#####  Submit deflate metrics returns "Payload accepted" response __

    
    
    /** * Submit deflate metrics returns "Payload accepted" response
     */
    
    import { client, v1 } from "@datadog/datadog-api-client";
    
    const configuration = client.createConfiguration();
    const apiInstance = new v1.MetricsApi(configuration);
    
    const params: v1.MetricsApiSubmitMetricsRequest = {
      body: {
        series: [
          {
            metric: "system.load.1",
            type: "gauge",
            points: [[Math.round(new Date().getTime() / 1000), 1.1]],
            tags: ["test:ExampleMetric"],
          },
        ],
      },
      contentEncoding: "deflate",
    };
    
    apiInstance
      .submitMetrics(params)
      .then((data: v1.IntakePayloadAccepted) => {
        console.log(
          "API called successfully. Returned data: " + JSON.stringify(data)
        );
      })
      .catch((error: any) => console.error(error));
    

#####  Submit metrics returns "Payload accepted" response __

    
    
    /** * Submit metrics returns "Payload accepted" response
     */
    
    import { client, v1 } from "@datadog/datadog-api-client";
    
    const configuration = client.createConfiguration();
    const apiInstance = new v1.MetricsApi(configuration);
    
    const params: v1.MetricsApiSubmitMetricsRequest = {
      body: {
        series: [
          {
            metric: "system.load.1",
            type: "gauge",
            points: [[Math.round(new Date().getTime() / 1000), 1.1]],
            tags: ["test:ExampleMetric"],
          },
        ],
      },
    };
    
    apiInstance
      .submitMetrics(params)
      .then((data: v1.IntakePayloadAccepted) => {
        console.log(
          "API called successfully. Returned data: " + JSON.stringify(data)
        );
      })
      .catch((error: any) => console.error(error));
    

#### Instructions

First [install the library and its
dependencies](https://docs.datadoghq.com/api/latest/?code-lang=typescript) and
then save the example to `example.ts` and run following commands:

    
    
        
    
    DD_SITE="datadoghq.comus3.datadoghq.comus5.datadoghq.comdatadoghq.euap1.datadoghq.comddog-gov.com" DD_API_KEY="<DD_API_KEY>" tsc "example.ts"

POST
https://api.ap1.datadoghq.com/api/v2/serieshttps://api.datadoghq.eu/api/v2/serieshttps://api.ddog-
gov.com/api/v2/serieshttps://api.datadoghq.com/api/v2/serieshttps://api.us3.datadoghq.com/api/v2/serieshttps://api.us5.datadoghq.com/api/v2/series

### Overview

The metrics end-point allows you to post time-series data that can be graphed
on Datadog’s dashboards. The maximum payload size is 500 kilobytes (512000
bytes). Compressed payloads must have a decompressed size of less than 5
megabytes (5242880 bytes).

If you’re submitting metrics directly to the Datadog API without using
DogStatsD, expect:

  * 64 bits for the timestamp
  * 64 bits for the value
  * 20 bytes for the metric names
  * 50 bytes for the timeseries
  * The full payload is approximately 100 bytes.

Host name is one of the resources in the Resources field.

### Arguments

#### Header Parameters

Name

Type

Description

Content-Encoding

string

HTTP header used to compress the media-type.

### Request

#### Body Data (required)

  * Model
  * Example

Expand All

Field

Type

Description

series [_required_]

[object]

A list of timeseries to submit to Datadog.

interval

int64

If the type of the metric is rate or count, define the corresponding interval
in seconds.

metadata

object

Metadata for the metric.

origin

object

Metric origin information.

metric_type

int32

The origin metric type code

product

int32

The origin product code

service

int32

The origin service code

metric [_required_]

string

The name of the timeseries.

points [_required_]

[object]

Points relating to a metric. All points must be objects with timestamp and a
scalar value (cannot be a string). Timestamps should be in POSIX time in
seconds, and cannot be more than ten minutes in the future or more than one
hour in the past.

timestamp

int64

The timestamp should be in seconds and current. Current is defined as not more
than 10 minutes in the future or more than 1 hour in the past.

value

double

The numeric value format should be a 64bit float gauge-type value.

resources

[object]

A list of resources to associate with this metric.

name

string

The name of the resource.

type

string

The type of the resource.

source_type_name

string

The source type name.

tags

[string]

A list of tags associated with the metric.

type

enum

The type of metric. The available types are `0` (unspecified), `1` (count),
`2` (rate), and `3` (gauge). Allowed enum values: `0,1,2,3`

unit

string

The unit of point value.

#####  Submit metrics returns "Payload accepted" response

    
    
    {
      "series": [
        {
          "metric": "system.load.1",
          "type": 0,
          "points": [
            {
              "timestamp": 1636629071,
              "value": 0.7
            }
          ],
          "resources": [
            {
              "name": "dummyhost",
              "type": "host"
            }
          ]
        }
      ]
    }

#####  Submit metrics with compression returns "Payload accepted" response

    
    
    {
      "series": [
        {
          "metric": "system.load.1",
          "type": 0,
          "points": [
            {
              "timestamp": 1636629071,
              "value": 0.7
            }
          ]
        }
      ]
    }

### Response

  * 202
  * 400
  * 403
  * 408
  * 413
  * 429

Payload accepted

  * Model
  * Example

The payload accepted for intake.

Expand All

Field

Type

Description

errors

[string]

A list of errors.

    
    
    {
      "errors": []
    }

Bad Request

  * Model
  * Example

API error response.

Expand All

Field

Type

Description

errors [_required_]

[string]

A list of errors.

    
    
    {
      "errors": [
        "Bad Request"
      ]
    }

Authentication error

  * Model
  * Example

API error response.

Expand All

Field

Type

Description

errors [_required_]

[string]

A list of errors.

    
    
    {
      "errors": [
        "Bad Request"
      ]
    }

Request timeout

  * Model
  * Example

API error response.

Expand All

Field

Type

Description

errors [_required_]

[string]

A list of errors.

    
    
    {
      "errors": [
        "Bad Request"
      ]
    }

Payload too large

  * Model
  * Example

API error response.

Expand All

Field

Type

Description

errors [_required_]

[string]

A list of errors.

    
    
    {
      "errors": [
        "Bad Request"
      ]
    }

Too many requests

  * Model
  * Example

API error response.

Expand All

Field

Type

Description

errors [_required_]

[string]

A list of errors.

    
    
    {
      "errors": [
        "Bad Request"
      ]
    }

### Code Example

  * [Curl](?code-lang=curl#)
  * [Go](?code-lang=go#)
  * [Java](?code-lang=java#)
  * [Python](?code-lang=python#)
  * [Ruby](?code-lang=ruby#)
  * [Rust](?code-lang=rust#)
  * [Typescript](?code-lang=typescript#)

#####  Submit metrics returns "Payload accepted" response

Copy

    
    
                              ## Dynamic Points
    # Post time-series data that can be graphed on Datadog’s dashboards.
      
    # Template variables  
    export NOW="$(date +%s)"  
    # Curl command  
    curl -X POST "https://api.ap1.datadoghq.com"https://api.datadoghq.eu"https://api.ddog-gov.com"https://api.datadoghq.com"https://api.us3.datadoghq.com"https://api.us5.datadoghq.com/api/v2/series" \
    -H "Accept: application/json" \
    -H "Content-Type: application/json" \
    -H "DD-API-KEY: ${DD_API_KEY}" \
    -d @- << EOF
    {
      "series": [
        {
          "metric": "system.load.1",
          "type": 0,
          "points": [
            {
              "timestamp": 1636629071,
              "value": 0.7
            }
          ],
          "resources": [
            {
              "name": "dummyhost",
              "type": "host"
            }
          ]
        }
      ]
    }
    EOF  
    
                            

#####  Submit metrics with compression returns "Payload accepted" response

Copy

    
    
                              ## Dynamic Points
    # Post time-series data that can be graphed on Datadog’s dashboards.
      
    See one of the other client libraries for an example of sending deflate-compressed data.  
      
    
                            

#####  Submit metrics returns "Payload accepted" response __

    
    
    // Submit metrics returns "Payload accepted" response
    package main
    
    import (
    	"context"
    	"encoding/json"
    	"fmt"
    	"os"
    	"time"
    
    	"github.com/DataDog/datadog-api-client-go/v2/api/datadog"
    	"github.com/DataDog/datadog-api-client-go/v2/api/datadogV2"
    )
    
    func main() {
    	body := datadogV2.MetricPayload{
    		Series: []datadogV2.MetricSeries{
    			{
    				Metric: "system.load.1",
    				Type:   datadogV2.METRICINTAKETYPE_UNSPECIFIED.Ptr(),
    				Points: []datadogV2.MetricPoint{
    					{
    						Timestamp: datadog.PtrInt64(time.Now().Unix()),
    						Value:     datadog.PtrFloat64(0.7),
    					},
    				},
    				Resources: []datadogV2.MetricResource{
    					{
    						Name: datadog.PtrString("dummyhost"),
    						Type: datadog.PtrString("host"),
    					},
    				},
    			},
    		},
    	}
    	ctx := datadog.NewDefaultContext(context.Background())
    	configuration := datadog.NewConfiguration()
    	apiClient := datadog.NewAPIClient(configuration)
    	api := datadogV2.NewMetricsApi(apiClient)
    	resp, r, err := api.SubmitMetrics(ctx, body, *datadogV2.NewSubmitMetricsOptionalParameters())
    
    	if err != nil {
    		fmt.Fprintf(os.Stderr, "Error when calling `MetricsApi.SubmitMetrics`: %v\n", err)
    		fmt.Fprintf(os.Stderr, "Full HTTP response: %v\n", r)
    	}
    
    	responseContent, _ := json.MarshalIndent(resp, "", "  ")
    	fmt.Fprintf(os.Stdout, "Response from `MetricsApi.SubmitMetrics`:\n%s\n", responseContent)
    }
    

#####  Submit metrics with compression returns "Payload accepted" response __

    
    
    // Submit metrics with compression returns "Payload accepted" response
    package main
    
    import (
    	"context"
    	"encoding/json"
    	"fmt"
    	"os"
    	"time"
    
    	"github.com/DataDog/datadog-api-client-go/v2/api/datadog"
    	"github.com/DataDog/datadog-api-client-go/v2/api/datadogV2"
    )
    
    func main() {
    	body := datadogV2.MetricPayload{
    		Series: []datadogV2.MetricSeries{
    			{
    				Metric: "system.load.1",
    				Type:   datadogV2.METRICINTAKETYPE_UNSPECIFIED.Ptr(),
    				Points: []datadogV2.MetricPoint{
    					{
    						Timestamp: datadog.PtrInt64(time.Now().Unix()),
    						Value:     datadog.PtrFloat64(0.7),
    					},
    				},
    			},
    		},
    	}
    	ctx := datadog.NewDefaultContext(context.Background())
    	configuration := datadog.NewConfiguration()
    	apiClient := datadog.NewAPIClient(configuration)
    	api := datadogV2.NewMetricsApi(apiClient)
    	resp, r, err := api.SubmitMetrics(ctx, body, *datadogV2.NewSubmitMetricsOptionalParameters().WithContentEncoding(datadogV2.METRICCONTENTENCODING_ZSTD1))
    
    	if err != nil {
    		fmt.Fprintf(os.Stderr, "Error when calling `MetricsApi.SubmitMetrics`: %v\n", err)
    		fmt.Fprintf(os.Stderr, "Full HTTP response: %v\n", r)
    	}
    
    	responseContent, _ := json.MarshalIndent(resp, "", "  ")
    	fmt.Fprintf(os.Stdout, "Response from `MetricsApi.SubmitMetrics`:\n%s\n", responseContent)
    }
    

#### Instructions

First [install the library and its
dependencies](https://docs.datadoghq.com/api/latest/?code-lang=go) and then
save the example to `main.go` and run following commands:

    
    
        
    
    DD_SITE="datadoghq.comus3.datadoghq.comus5.datadoghq.comdatadoghq.euap1.datadoghq.comddog-gov.com" DD_API_KEY="<DD_API_KEY>" go run "main.go"

#####  Submit metrics returns "Payload accepted" response __

    
    
    // Submit metrics returns "Payload accepted" response
    import com.datadog.api.client.ApiClient;
    import com.datadog.api.client.ApiException;
    import com.datadog.api.client.v2.api.MetricsApi;
    import com.datadog.api.client.v2.model.IntakePayloadAccepted;
    import com.datadog.api.client.v2.model.MetricIntakeType;
    import com.datadog.api.client.v2.model.MetricPayload;
    import com.datadog.api.client.v2.model.MetricPoint;
    import com.datadog.api.client.v2.model.MetricResource;
    import com.datadog.api.client.v2.model.MetricSeries;
    import java.time.OffsetDateTime;
    import java.util.Collections;
    
    public class Example {
      public static void main(String[] args) {
        ApiClient defaultClient = ApiClient.getDefaultApiClient();
        MetricsApi apiInstance = new MetricsApi(defaultClient);
    
        MetricPayload body =
            new MetricPayload()
                .series(
                    Collections.singletonList(
                        new MetricSeries()
                            .metric("system.load.1")
                            .type(MetricIntakeType.UNSPECIFIED)
                            .points(
                                Collections.singletonList(
                                    new MetricPoint()
                                        .timestamp(OffsetDateTime.now().toInstant().getEpochSecond())
                                        .value(0.7)))
                            .resources(
                                Collections.singletonList(
                                    new MetricResource().name("dummyhost").type("host")))));
    
        try {
          IntakePayloadAccepted result = apiInstance.submitMetrics(body);
          System.out.println(result);
        } catch (ApiException e) {
          System.err.println("Exception when calling MetricsApi#submitMetrics");
          System.err.println("Status code: " + e.getCode());
          System.err.println("Reason: " + e.getResponseBody());
          System.err.println("Response headers: " + e.getResponseHeaders());
          e.printStackTrace();
        }
      }
    }
    

#####  Submit metrics with compression returns "Payload accepted" response __

    
    
    // Submit metrics with compression returns "Payload accepted" response
    import com.datadog.api.client.ApiClient;
    import com.datadog.api.client.ApiException;
    import com.datadog.api.client.v2.api.MetricsApi;
    import com.datadog.api.client.v2.api.MetricsApi.SubmitMetricsOptionalParameters;
    import com.datadog.api.client.v2.model.IntakePayloadAccepted;
    import com.datadog.api.client.v2.model.MetricContentEncoding;
    import com.datadog.api.client.v2.model.MetricIntakeType;
    import com.datadog.api.client.v2.model.MetricPayload;
    import com.datadog.api.client.v2.model.MetricPoint;
    import com.datadog.api.client.v2.model.MetricSeries;
    import java.time.OffsetDateTime;
    import java.util.Collections;
    
    public class Example {
      public static void main(String[] args) {
        ApiClient defaultClient = ApiClient.getDefaultApiClient();
        MetricsApi apiInstance = new MetricsApi(defaultClient);
    
        MetricPayload body =
            new MetricPayload()
                .series(
                    Collections.singletonList(
                        new MetricSeries()
                            .metric("system.load.1")
                            .type(MetricIntakeType.UNSPECIFIED)
                            .points(
                                Collections.singletonList(
                                    new MetricPoint()
                                        .timestamp(OffsetDateTime.now().toInstant().getEpochSecond())
                                        .value(0.7)))));
    
        try {
          IntakePayloadAccepted result =
              apiInstance.submitMetrics(
                  body,
                  new SubmitMetricsOptionalParameters().contentEncoding(MetricContentEncoding.ZSTD1));
          System.out.println(result);
        } catch (ApiException e) {
          System.err.println("Exception when calling MetricsApi#submitMetrics");
          System.err.println("Status code: " + e.getCode());
          System.err.println("Reason: " + e.getResponseBody());
          System.err.println("Response headers: " + e.getResponseHeaders());
          e.printStackTrace();
        }
      }
    }
    

#### Instructions

First [install the library and its
dependencies](https://docs.datadoghq.com/api/latest/?code-lang=java) and then
save the example to `Example.java` and run following commands:

    
    
        
    
    DD_SITE="datadoghq.comus3.datadoghq.comus5.datadoghq.comdatadoghq.euap1.datadoghq.comddog-gov.com" DD_API_KEY="<DD_API_KEY>" java "Example.java"

#####  Submit metrics returns "Payload accepted" response __

    
    
    """ Submit metrics returns "Payload accepted" response
    """
    
    from datetime import datetime
    from datadog_api_client import ApiClient, Configuration
    from datadog_api_client.v2.api.metrics_api import MetricsApi
    from datadog_api_client.v2.model.metric_intake_type import MetricIntakeType
    from datadog_api_client.v2.model.metric_payload import MetricPayload
    from datadog_api_client.v2.model.metric_point import MetricPoint
    from datadog_api_client.v2.model.metric_resource import MetricResource
    from datadog_api_client.v2.model.metric_series import MetricSeries
    
    body = MetricPayload(
        series=[
            MetricSeries(
                metric="system.load.1",
                type=MetricIntakeType.UNSPECIFIED,
                points=[
                    MetricPoint(
                        timestamp=int(datetime.now().timestamp()),
                        value=0.7,
                    ),
                ],
                resources=[
                    MetricResource(
                        name="dummyhost",
                        type="host",
                    ),
                ],
            ),
        ],
    )
    
    configuration = Configuration()
    with ApiClient(configuration) as api_client:
        api_instance = MetricsApi(api_client)
        response = api_instance.submit_metrics(body=body)
    
        print(response)
    

#####  Submit metrics with compression returns "Payload accepted" response __

    
    
    """ Submit metrics with compression returns "Payload accepted" response
    """
    
    from datetime import datetime
    from datadog_api_client import ApiClient, Configuration
    from datadog_api_client.v2.api.metrics_api import MetricsApi
    from datadog_api_client.v2.model.metric_content_encoding import MetricContentEncoding
    from datadog_api_client.v2.model.metric_intake_type import MetricIntakeType
    from datadog_api_client.v2.model.metric_payload import MetricPayload
    from datadog_api_client.v2.model.metric_point import MetricPoint
    from datadog_api_client.v2.model.metric_series import MetricSeries
    
    body = MetricPayload(
        series=[
            MetricSeries(
                metric="system.load.1",
                type=MetricIntakeType.UNSPECIFIED,
                points=[
                    MetricPoint(
                        timestamp=int(datetime.now().timestamp()),
                        value=0.7,
                    ),
                ],
            ),
        ],
    )
    
    configuration = Configuration()
    with ApiClient(configuration) as api_client:
        api_instance = MetricsApi(api_client)
        response = api_instance.submit_metrics(content_encoding=MetricContentEncoding.ZSTD1, body=body)
    
        print(response)
    

#### Instructions

First [install the library and its
dependencies](https://docs.datadoghq.com/api/latest/?code-lang=python) and
then save the example to `example.py` and run following commands:

    
    
        
    
    DD_SITE="datadoghq.comus3.datadoghq.comus5.datadoghq.comdatadoghq.euap1.datadoghq.comddog-gov.com" DD_API_KEY="<DD_API_KEY>" python3 "example.py"

#####  Submit metrics returns "Payload accepted" response __

    
    
    # Submit metrics returns "Payload accepted" response
    
    require "datadog_api_client"
    api_instance = DatadogAPIClient::V2::MetricsAPI.new
    
    body = DatadogAPIClient::V2::MetricPayload.new({
      series: [
        DatadogAPIClient::V2::MetricSeries.new({
          metric: "system.load.1",
          type: DatadogAPIClient::V2::MetricIntakeType::UNSPECIFIED,
          points: [
            DatadogAPIClient::V2::MetricPoint.new({
              timestamp: Time.now.to_i,
              value: 0.7,
            }),
          ],
          resources: [
            DatadogAPIClient::V2::MetricResource.new({
              name: "dummyhost",
              type: "host",
            }),
          ],
        }),
      ],
    })
    p api_instance.submit_metrics(body)
    

#####  Submit metrics with compression returns "Payload accepted" response __

    
    
    # Submit metrics with compression returns "Payload accepted" response
    
    require "datadog_api_client"
    api_instance = DatadogAPIClient::V2::MetricsAPI.new
    
    body = DatadogAPIClient::V2::MetricPayload.new({
      series: [
        DatadogAPIClient::V2::MetricSeries.new({
          metric: "system.load.1",
          type: DatadogAPIClient::V2::MetricIntakeType::UNSPECIFIED,
          points: [
            DatadogAPIClient::V2::MetricPoint.new({
              timestamp: Time.now.to_i,
              value: 0.7,
            }),
          ],
        }),
      ],
    })
    opts = {
      content_encoding: MetricContentEncoding::ZSTD1,
    }
    p api_instance.submit_metrics(body, opts)
    

#### Instructions

First [install the library and its
dependencies](https://docs.datadoghq.com/api/latest/?code-lang=ruby) and then
save the example to `example.rb` and run following commands:

    
    
        
    
    DD_SITE="datadoghq.comus3.datadoghq.comus5.datadoghq.comdatadoghq.euap1.datadoghq.comddog-gov.com" DD_API_KEY="<DD_API_KEY>" rb "example.rb"

#####  Submit metrics returns "Payload accepted" response __

    
    
    // Submit metrics returns "Payload accepted" response use datadog_api_client::datadog;
    use datadog_api_client::datadogV2::api_metrics::MetricsAPI;
    use datadog_api_client::datadogV2::api_metrics::SubmitMetricsOptionalParams;
    use datadog_api_client::datadogV2::model::MetricIntakeType;
    use datadog_api_client::datadogV2::model::MetricPayload;
    use datadog_api_client::datadogV2::model::MetricPoint;
    use datadog_api_client::datadogV2::model::MetricResource;
    use datadog_api_client::datadogV2::model::MetricSeries;
    
    #[tokio::main]
    async fn main() {
        let body = MetricPayload::new(vec![MetricSeries::new(
            "system.load.1".to_string(),
            vec![MetricPoint::new().timestamp(1636629071).value(0.7 as f64)],
        )
        .resources(vec![MetricResource::new()
            .name("dummyhost".to_string())
            .type_("host".to_string())])
        .type_(MetricIntakeType::UNSPECIFIED)]);
        let configuration = datadog::Configuration::new();
        let api = MetricsAPI::with_config(configuration);
        let resp = api
            .submit_metrics(body, SubmitMetricsOptionalParams::default())
            .await;
        if let Ok(value) = resp {
            println!("{:#?}", value);
        } else {
            println!("{:#?}", resp.unwrap_err());
        }
    }
    

#####  Submit metrics with compression returns "Payload accepted" response __

    
    
    // Submit metrics with compression returns "Payload accepted" response use datadog_api_client::datadog;
    use datadog_api_client::datadogV2::api_metrics::MetricsAPI;
    use datadog_api_client::datadogV2::api_metrics::SubmitMetricsOptionalParams;
    use datadog_api_client::datadogV2::model::MetricContentEncoding;
    use datadog_api_client::datadogV2::model::MetricIntakeType;
    use datadog_api_client::datadogV2::model::MetricPayload;
    use datadog_api_client::datadogV2::model::MetricPoint;
    use datadog_api_client::datadogV2::model::MetricSeries;
    
    #[tokio::main]
    async fn main() {
        let body = MetricPayload::new(vec![MetricSeries::new(
            "system.load.1".to_string(),
            vec![MetricPoint::new().timestamp(1636629071).value(0.7 as f64)],
        )
        .type_(MetricIntakeType::UNSPECIFIED)]);
        let configuration = datadog::Configuration::new();
        let api = MetricsAPI::with_config(configuration);
        let resp = api
            .submit_metrics(
                body,
                SubmitMetricsOptionalParams::default().content_encoding(MetricContentEncoding::ZSTD1),
            )
            .await;
        if let Ok(value) = resp {
            println!("{:#?}", value);
        } else {
            println!("{:#?}", resp.unwrap_err());
        }
    }
    

#### Instructions

First [install the library and its
dependencies](https://docs.datadoghq.com/api/latest/?code-lang=rust) and then
save the example to `src/main.rs` and run following commands:

    
    
        
    
    DD_SITE="datadoghq.comus3.datadoghq.comus5.datadoghq.comdatadoghq.euap1.datadoghq.comddog-gov.com" DD_API_KEY="<DD_API_KEY>" cargo run

#####  Submit metrics returns "Payload accepted" response __

    
    
    /** * Submit metrics returns "Payload accepted" response
     */
    
    import { client, v2 } from "@datadog/datadog-api-client";
    
    const configuration = client.createConfiguration();
    const apiInstance = new v2.MetricsApi(configuration);
    
    const params: v2.MetricsApiSubmitMetricsRequest = {
      body: {
        series: [
          {
            metric: "system.load.1",
            type: 0,
            points: [
              {
                timestamp: Math.round(new Date().getTime() / 1000),
                value: 0.7,
              },
            ],
            resources: [
              {
                name: "dummyhost",
                type: "host",
              },
            ],
          },
        ],
      },
    };
    
    apiInstance
      .submitMetrics(params)
      .then((data: v2.IntakePayloadAccepted) => {
        console.log(
          "API called successfully. Returned data: " + JSON.stringify(data)
        );
      })
      .catch((error: any) => console.error(error));
    

#####  Submit metrics with compression returns "Payload accepted" response __

    
    
    /** * Submit metrics with compression returns "Payload accepted" response
     */
    
    import { client, v2 } from "@datadog/datadog-api-client";
    
    const configuration = client.createConfiguration();
    const apiInstance = new v2.MetricsApi(configuration);
    
    const params: v2.MetricsApiSubmitMetricsRequest = {
      body: {
        series: [
          {
            metric: "system.load.1",
            type: 0,
            points: [
              {
                timestamp: Math.round(new Date().getTime() / 1000),
                value: 0.7,
              },
            ],
          },
        ],
      },
      contentEncoding: "zstd1",
    };
    
    apiInstance
      .submitMetrics(params)
      .then((data: v2.IntakePayloadAccepted) => {
        console.log(
          "API called successfully. Returned data: " + JSON.stringify(data)
        );
      })
      .catch((error: any) => console.error(error));
    

#### Instructions

First [install the library and its
dependencies](https://docs.datadoghq.com/api/latest/?code-lang=typescript) and
then save the example to `example.ts` and run following commands:

    
    
        
    
    DD_SITE="datadoghq.comus3.datadoghq.comus5.datadoghq.comdatadoghq.euap1.datadoghq.comddog-gov.com" DD_API_KEY="<DD_API_KEY>" tsc "example.ts"

* * *

## Get metric metadata

  * v1 (latest)

GET
https://api.ap1.datadoghq.com/api/v1/metrics/{metric_name}https://api.datadoghq.eu/api/v1/metrics/{metric_name}https://api.ddog-
gov.com/api/v1/metrics/{metric_name}https://api.datadoghq.com/api/v1/metrics/{metric_name}https://api.us3.datadoghq.com/api/v1/metrics/{metric_name}https://api.us5.datadoghq.com/api/v1/metrics/{metric_name}

### Overview

Get metadata about a specific metric. This endpoint requires the
`metrics_read` permission.

OAuth apps require the `metrics_read` authorization
[scope](https://docs.datadoghq.com/api/latest/scopes/#metrics) to access this
endpoint.

### Arguments

#### Path Parameters

Name

Type

Description

metric_name [_required_]

string

Name of the metric for which to get metadata.

### Response

  * 200
  * 403
  * 404
  * 429

OK

  * Model
  * Example

Object with all metric related metadata.

Expand All

Field

Type

Description

description

string

Metric description.

integration

string

Name of the integration that sent the metric if applicable.

per_unit

string

Per unit of the metric such as `second` in `bytes per second`.

short_name

string

A more human-readable and abbreviated version of the metric name.

statsd_interval

int64

StatsD flush interval of the metric in seconds if applicable.

type

string

Metric type such as `gauge` or `rate`.

unit

string

Primary unit of the metric such as `byte` or `operation`.

    
    
    {
      "description": "string",
      "integration": "string",
      "per_unit": "second",
      "short_name": "string",
      "statsd_interval": "integer",
      "type": "count",
      "unit": "byte"
    }

Forbidden

  * Model
  * Example

Error response object.

Expand All

Field

Type

Description

errors [_required_]

[string]

Array of errors returned by the API.

    
    
    {
      "errors": [
        "Bad Request"
      ]
    }

Not Found

  * Model
  * Example

Error response object.

Expand All

Field

Type

Description

errors [_required_]

[string]

Array of errors returned by the API.

    
    
    {
      "errors": [
        "Bad Request"
      ]
    }

Too many requests

  * Model
  * Example

Error response object.

Expand All

Field

Type

Description

errors [_required_]

[string]

Array of errors returned by the API.

    
    
    {
      "errors": [
        "Bad Request"
      ]
    }

### Code Example

  * [Curl](?code-lang=curl#)
  * [Python](?code-lang=python#)
  * [Ruby](?code-lang=ruby#)
  * [Go](?code-lang=go#)
  * [Java](?code-lang=java#)
  * [Rust](?code-lang=rust#)
  * [Typescript](?code-lang=typescript#)
  * [Ruby [legacy]](?code-lang=ruby-legacy#)
  * [Python [legacy]](?code-lang=python-legacy#)

#####  Get metric metadata

Copy

    
    
                      # Path parameters  
    export metric_name="CHANGE_ME"  
    # Curl command  
    curl -X GET "https://api.ap1.datadoghq.com"https://api.datadoghq.eu"https://api.ddog-gov.com"https://api.datadoghq.com"https://api.us3.datadoghq.com"https://api.us5.datadoghq.com/api/v1/metrics/${metric_name}" \
    -H "Accept: application/json" \
    -H "DD-API-KEY: ${DD_API_KEY}" \
    -H "DD-APPLICATION-KEY: ${DD_APP_KEY}"  
    
                    

#####  Get metric metadata

    
    
    """
    Get metric metadata returns "OK" response
    """
    
    from datadog_api_client import ApiClient, Configuration
    from datadog_api_client.v1.api.metrics_api import MetricsApi
    
    configuration = Configuration()
    with ApiClient(configuration) as api_client:
        api_instance = MetricsApi(api_client)
        response = api_instance.get_metric_metadata(
            metric_name="metric_name",
        )
    
        print(response)
    

#### Instructions

First [install the library and its
dependencies](https://docs.datadoghq.com/api/latest/?code-lang=python) and
then save the example to `example.py` and run following commands:

    
    
        
    
    DD_SITE="datadoghq.comus3.datadoghq.comus5.datadoghq.comdatadoghq.euap1.datadoghq.comddog-gov.com" DD_API_KEY="<DD_API_KEY>" DD_APP_KEY="<DD_APP_KEY>" python3 "example.py"

#####  Get metric metadata

    
    
    # Get metric metadata returns "OK" response
    
    require "datadog_api_client"
    api_instance = DatadogAPIClient::V1::MetricsAPI.new
    p api_instance.get_metric_metadata("metric_name")
    

#### Instructions

First [install the library and its
dependencies](https://docs.datadoghq.com/api/latest/?code-lang=ruby) and then
save the example to `example.rb` and run following commands:

    
    
        
    
    DD_SITE="datadoghq.comus3.datadoghq.comus5.datadoghq.comdatadoghq.euap1.datadoghq.comddog-gov.com" DD_API_KEY="<DD_API_KEY>" DD_APP_KEY="<DD_APP_KEY>" rb "example.rb"

#####  Get metric metadata

    
    
    require 'rubygems'
    require 'dogapi'
    
    api_key = '<DATADOG_API_KEY>'
    app_key = '<DATADOG_APPLICATION_KEY>'
    
    dog = Dogapi::Client.new(api_key, app_key)
    
    # Get metadata on metric
    result = dog.get_metadata('system.net.bytes_sent')

#### Instructions

First [install the library and its
dependencies](https://docs.datadoghq.com/api/latest/?code-lang=ruby-legacy)
and then save the example to `example.rb` and run following commands:

    
    
        
    
    DD_SITE="datadoghq.comus3.datadoghq.comus5.datadoghq.comdatadoghq.euap1.datadoghq.comddog-gov.com" DD_API_KEY="<DD_API_KEY>" DD_APP_KEY="<DD_APP_KEY>" rb "example.rb"

#####  Get metric metadata

    
    
    // Get metric metadata returns "OK" response
    
    package main
    
    import (
    	"context"
    	"encoding/json"
    	"fmt"
    	"os"
    
    	"github.com/DataDog/datadog-api-client-go/v2/api/datadog"
    	"github.com/DataDog/datadog-api-client-go/v2/api/datadogV1"
    )
    
    func main() {
    	ctx := datadog.NewDefaultContext(context.Background())
    	configuration := datadog.NewConfiguration()
    	apiClient := datadog.NewAPIClient(configuration)
    	api := datadogV1.NewMetricsApi(apiClient)
    	resp, r, err := api.GetMetricMetadata(ctx, "metric_name")
    
    	if err != nil {
    		fmt.Fprintf(os.Stderr, "Error when calling `MetricsApi.GetMetricMetadata`: %v\n", err)
    		fmt.Fprintf(os.Stderr, "Full HTTP response: %v\n", r)
    	}
    
    	responseContent, _ := json.MarshalIndent(resp, "", "  ")
    	fmt.Fprintf(os.Stdout, "Response from `MetricsApi.GetMetricMetadata`:\n%s\n", responseContent)
    }
    

#### Instructions

First [install the library and its
dependencies](https://docs.datadoghq.com/api/latest/?code-lang=go) and then
save the example to `main.go` and run following commands:

    
    
        
    
    DD_SITE="datadoghq.comus3.datadoghq.comus5.datadoghq.comdatadoghq.euap1.datadoghq.comddog-gov.com" DD_API_KEY="<DD_API_KEY>" DD_APP_KEY="<DD_APP_KEY>" go run "main.go"

#####  Get metric metadata

    
    
    // Get metric metadata returns "OK" response
    
    import com.datadog.api.client.ApiClient;
    import com.datadog.api.client.ApiException;
    import com.datadog.api.client.v1.api.MetricsApi;
    import com.datadog.api.client.v1.model.MetricMetadata;
    
    public class Example {
      public static void main(String[] args) {
        ApiClient defaultClient = ApiClient.getDefaultApiClient();
        MetricsApi apiInstance = new MetricsApi(defaultClient);
    
        try {
          MetricMetadata result = apiInstance.getMetricMetadata("metric_name");
          System.out.println(result);
        } catch (ApiException e) {
          System.err.println("Exception when calling MetricsApi#getMetricMetadata");
          System.err.println("Status code: " + e.getCode());
          System.err.println("Reason: " + e.getResponseBody());
          System.err.println("Response headers: " + e.getResponseHeaders());
          e.printStackTrace();
        }
      }
    }
    

#### Instructions

First [install the library and its
dependencies](https://docs.datadoghq.com/api/latest/?code-lang=java) and then
save the example to `Example.java` and run following commands:

    
    
        
    
    DD_SITE="datadoghq.comus3.datadoghq.comus5.datadoghq.comdatadoghq.euap1.datadoghq.comddog-gov.com" DD_API_KEY="<DD_API_KEY>" DD_APP_KEY="<DD_APP_KEY>" java "Example.java"

#####  Get metric metadata

    
    
    from datadog import initialize, api
    
    options = {
        'api_key': '<DATADOG_API_KEY>',
        'app_key': '<DATADOG_APPLICATION_KEY>'
    }
    
    initialize(**options)
    
    metric = 'system.cpu.idle'
    
    api.Metadata.get(metric_name=metric)
    

#### Instructions

First [install the library and its
dependencies](https://docs.datadoghq.com/api/latest/?code-lang=python-legacy)
and then save the example to `example.py` and run following commands:

    
    
        
    
    DD_SITE="datadoghq.comus3.datadoghq.comus5.datadoghq.comdatadoghq.euap1.datadoghq.comddog-gov.com" DD_API_KEY="<DD_API_KEY>" DD_APP_KEY="<DD_APP_KEY>" python "example.py"

#####  Get metric metadata

    
    
    // Get metric metadata returns "OK" response
    use datadog_api_client::datadog;
    use datadog_api_client::datadogV1::api_metrics::MetricsAPI;
    
    #[tokio::main]
    async fn main() {
        let configuration = datadog::Configuration::new();
        let api = MetricsAPI::with_config(configuration);
        let resp = api.get_metric_metadata("metric_name".to_string()).await;
        if let Ok(value) = resp {
            println!("{:#?}", value);
        } else {
            println!("{:#?}", resp.unwrap_err());
        }
    }
    

#### Instructions

First [install the library and its
dependencies](https://docs.datadoghq.com/api/latest/?code-lang=rust) and then
save the example to `src/main.rs` and run following commands:

    
    
        
    
    DD_SITE="datadoghq.comus3.datadoghq.comus5.datadoghq.comdatadoghq.euap1.datadoghq.comddog-gov.com" DD_API_KEY="<DD_API_KEY>" DD_APP_KEY="<DD_APP_KEY>" cargo run

#####  Get metric metadata

    
    
    /**
     * Get metric metadata returns "OK" response
     */
    
    import { client, v1 } from "@datadog/datadog-api-client";
    
    const configuration = client.createConfiguration();
    const apiInstance = new v1.MetricsApi(configuration);
    
    const params: v1.MetricsApiGetMetricMetadataRequest = {
      metricName: "metric_name",
    };
    
    apiInstance
      .getMetricMetadata(params)
      .then((data: v1.MetricMetadata) => {
        console.log(
          "API called successfully. Returned data: " + JSON.stringify(data)
        );
      })
      .catch((error: any) => console.error(error));
    

#### Instructions

First [install the library and its
dependencies](https://docs.datadoghq.com/api/latest/?code-lang=typescript) and
then save the example to `example.ts` and run following commands:

    
    
        
    
    DD_SITE="datadoghq.comus3.datadoghq.comus5.datadoghq.comdatadoghq.euap1.datadoghq.comddog-gov.com" DD_API_KEY="<DD_API_KEY>" DD_APP_KEY="<DD_APP_KEY>" tsc "example.ts"

* * *

## List tag configuration by name

  * v2 (latest)

GET
https://api.ap1.datadoghq.com/api/v2/metrics/{metric_name}/tagshttps://api.datadoghq.eu/api/v2/metrics/{metric_name}/tagshttps://api.ddog-
gov.com/api/v2/metrics/{metric_name}/tagshttps://api.datadoghq.com/api/v2/metrics/{metric_name}/tagshttps://api.us3.datadoghq.com/api/v2/metrics/{metric_name}/tagshttps://api.us5.datadoghq.com/api/v2/metrics/{metric_name}/tags

### Overview

Returns the tag configuration for the given metric name. This endpoint
requires the `metrics_read` permission.

OAuth apps require the `metrics_read` authorization
[scope](https://docs.datadoghq.com/api/latest/scopes/#metrics) to access this
endpoint.

### Arguments

#### Path Parameters

Name

Type

Description

metric_name [_required_]

string

The name of the metric.

### Response

  * 200
  * 403
  * 404
  * 429

Success

  * Model
  * Example

Response object which includes a single metric’s tag configuration.

Expand All

Field

Type

Description

data

object

Object for a single metric tag configuration.

attributes

object

Object containing the definition of a metric tag configuration attributes.

aggregations

[object]

A list of queryable aggregation combinations for a count, rate, or gauge
metric. By default, count and rate metrics require the (time: sum, space: sum)
aggregation and Gauge metrics require the (time: avg, space: avg) aggregation.
Additional time & space combinations are also available:

  * time: avg, space: avg
  * time: avg, space: max
  * time: avg, space: min
  * time: avg, space: sum
  * time: count, space: sum
  * time: max, space: max
  * time: min, space: min
  * time: sum, space: avg
  * time: sum, space: sum

Can only be applied to non_distribution metrics that have a `metric_type` of
`count`, `rate`, or `gauge`.

space [_required_]

enum

A space aggregation for use in query. Allowed enum values: `avg,max,min,sum`

time [_required_]

enum

A time aggregation for use in query. Allowed enum values:
`avg,count,max,min,sum`

created_at

date-time

Timestamp when the tag configuration was created.

exclude_tags_mode

boolean

When set to true, the configuration will exclude the configured tags and
include any other submitted tags. When set to false, the configuration will
include the configured tags and exclude any other submitted tags. Defaults to
false. Requires `tags` property.

include_percentiles

boolean

Toggle to include or exclude percentile aggregations for distribution metrics.
Only present when the `metric_type` is `distribution`.

metric_type

enum

The metric's type. Allowed enum values: `gauge,count,rate,distribution`

default: `gauge`

modified_at

date-time

Timestamp when the tag configuration was last modified.

tags

[string]

List of tag keys on which to group.

id

string

The metric name for this resource.

type

enum

The metric tag configuration resource type. Allowed enum values: `manage_tags`

default: `manage_tags`

    
    
    {
      "data": {
        "attributes": {
          "aggregations": [
            {
              "space": "sum",
              "time": "sum"
            }
          ],
          "created_at": "2020-03-25T09:48:37.463835Z",
          "exclude_tags_mode": false,
          "include_percentiles": true,
          "metric_type": "count",
          "modified_at": "2020-03-25T09:48:37.463835Z",
          "tags": [
            "app",
            "datacenter"
          ]
        },
        "id": "test.metric.latency",
        "type": "manage_tags"
      }
    }

Forbidden

  * Model
  * Example

API error response.

Expand All

Field

Type

Description

errors [_required_]

[string]

A list of errors.

    
    
    {
      "errors": [
        "Bad Request"
      ]
    }

Not Found

  * Model
  * Example

API error response.

Expand All

Field

Type

Description

errors [_required_]

[string]

A list of errors.

    
    
    {
      "errors": [
        "Bad Request"
      ]
    }

Too Many Requests

  * Model
  * Example

API error response.

Expand All

Field

Type

Description

errors [_required_]

[string]

A list of errors.

    
    
    {
      "errors": [
        "Bad Request"
      ]
    }

### Code Example

  * [Curl](?code-lang=curl#)
  * [Python](?code-lang=python#)
  * [Ruby](?code-lang=ruby#)
  * [Go](?code-lang=go#)
  * [Java](?code-lang=java#)
  * [Rust](?code-lang=rust#)
  * [Typescript](?code-lang=typescript#)

#####  List tag configuration by name

Copy

    
    
                      # Path parameters  
    export metric_name="dist.http.endpoint.request"  
    # Curl command  
    curl -X GET "https://api.ap1.datadoghq.com"https://api.datadoghq.eu"https://api.ddog-gov.com"https://api.datadoghq.com"https://api.us3.datadoghq.com"https://api.us5.datadoghq.com/api/v2/metrics/${metric_name}/tags" \
    -H "Accept: application/json" \
    -H "DD-API-KEY: ${DD_API_KEY}" \
    -H "DD-APPLICATION-KEY: ${DD_APP_KEY}"  
    
                    

#####  List tag configuration by name

    
    
    """
    List tag configuration by name returns "Success" response
    """
    
    from os import environ
    from datadog_api_client import ApiClient, Configuration
    from datadog_api_client.v2.api.metrics_api import MetricsApi
    
    # there is a valid "metric_tag_configuration" in the system
    METRIC_TAG_CONFIGURATION_DATA_ID = environ["METRIC_TAG_CONFIGURATION_DATA_ID"]
    
    configuration = Configuration()
    with ApiClient(configuration) as api_client:
        api_instance = MetricsApi(api_client)
        response = api_instance.list_tag_configuration_by_name(
            metric_name=METRIC_TAG_CONFIGURATION_DATA_ID,
        )
    
        print(response)
    

#### Instructions

First [install the library and its
dependencies](https://docs.datadoghq.com/api/latest/?code-lang=python) and
then save the example to `example.py` and run following commands:

    
    
        
    
    DD_SITE="datadoghq.comus3.datadoghq.comus5.datadoghq.comdatadoghq.euap1.datadoghq.comddog-gov.com" DD_API_KEY="<DD_API_KEY>" DD_APP_KEY="<DD_APP_KEY>" python3 "example.py"

#####  List tag configuration by name

    
    
    # List tag configuration by name returns "Success" response
    
    require "datadog_api_client"
    api_instance = DatadogAPIClient::V2::MetricsAPI.new
    
    # there is a valid "metric_tag_configuration" in the system
    METRIC_TAG_CONFIGURATION_DATA_ID = ENV["METRIC_TAG_CONFIGURATION_DATA_ID"]
    p api_instance.list_tag_configuration_by_name(METRIC_TAG_CONFIGURATION_DATA_ID)
    

#### Instructions

First [install the library and its
dependencies](https://docs.datadoghq.com/api/latest/?code-lang=ruby) and then
save the example to `example.rb` and run following commands:

    
    
        
    
    DD_SITE="datadoghq.comus3.datadoghq.comus5.datadoghq.comdatadoghq.euap1.datadoghq.comddog-gov.com" DD_API_KEY="<DD_API_KEY>" DD_APP_KEY="<DD_APP_KEY>" rb "example.rb"

#####  List tag configuration by name

    
    
    // List tag configuration by name returns "Success" response
    
    package main
    
    import (
    	"context"
    	"encoding/json"
    	"fmt"
    	"os"
    
    	"github.com/DataDog/datadog-api-client-go/v2/api/datadog"
    	"github.com/DataDog/datadog-api-client-go/v2/api/datadogV2"
    )
    
    func main() {
    	// there is a valid "metric_tag_configuration" in the system
    	MetricTagConfigurationDataID := os.Getenv("METRIC_TAG_CONFIGURATION_DATA_ID")
    
    	ctx := datadog.NewDefaultContext(context.Background())
    	configuration := datadog.NewConfiguration()
    	apiClient := datadog.NewAPIClient(configuration)
    	api := datadogV2.NewMetricsApi(apiClient)
    	resp, r, err := api.ListTagConfigurationByName(ctx, MetricTagConfigurationDataID)
    
    	if err != nil {
    		fmt.Fprintf(os.Stderr, "Error when calling `MetricsApi.ListTagConfigurationByName`: %v\n", err)
    		fmt.Fprintf(os.Stderr, "Full HTTP response: %v\n", r)
    	}
    
    	responseContent, _ := json.MarshalIndent(resp, "", "  ")
    	fmt.Fprintf(os.Stdout, "Response from `MetricsApi.ListTagConfigurationByName`:\n%s\n", responseContent)
    }
    

#### Instructions

First [install the library and its
dependencies](https://docs.datadoghq.com/api/latest/?code-lang=go) and then
save the example to `main.go` and run following commands:

    
    
        
    
    DD_SITE="datadoghq.comus3.datadoghq.comus5.datadoghq.comdatadoghq.euap1.datadoghq.comddog-gov.com" DD_API_KEY="<DD_API_KEY>" DD_APP_KEY="<DD_APP_KEY>" go run "main.go"

#####  List tag configuration by name

    
    
    // List tag configuration by name returns "Success" response
    
    import com.datadog.api.client.ApiClient;
    import com.datadog.api.client.ApiException;
    import com.datadog.api.client.v2.api.MetricsApi;
    import com.datadog.api.client.v2.model.MetricTagConfigurationResponse;
    
    public class Example {
      public static void main(String[] args) {
        ApiClient defaultClient = ApiClient.getDefaultApiClient();
        MetricsApi apiInstance = new MetricsApi(defaultClient);
    
        // there is a valid "metric_tag_configuration" in the system
        String METRIC_TAG_CONFIGURATION_DATA_ID = System.getenv("METRIC_TAG_CONFIGURATION_DATA_ID");
    
        try {
          MetricTagConfigurationResponse result =
              apiInstance.listTagConfigurationByName(METRIC_TAG_CONFIGURATION_DATA_ID);
          System.out.println(result);
        } catch (ApiException e) {
          System.err.println("Exception when calling MetricsApi#listTagConfigurationByName");
          System.err.println("Status code: " + e.getCode());
          System.err.println("Reason: " + e.getResponseBody());
          System.err.println("Response headers: " + e.getResponseHeaders());
          e.printStackTrace();
        }
      }
    }
    

#### Instructions

First [install the library and its
dependencies](https://docs.datadoghq.com/api/latest/?code-lang=java) and then
save the example to `Example.java` and run following commands:

    
    
        
    
    DD_SITE="datadoghq.comus3.datadoghq.comus5.datadoghq.comdatadoghq.euap1.datadoghq.comddog-gov.com" DD_API_KEY="<DD_API_KEY>" DD_APP_KEY="<DD_APP_KEY>" java "Example.java"

#####  List tag configuration by name

    
    
    // List tag configuration by name returns "Success" response
    use datadog_api_client::datadog;
    use datadog_api_client::datadogV2::api_metrics::MetricsAPI;
    
    #[tokio::main]
    async fn main() {
        // there is a valid "metric_tag_configuration" in the system
        let metric_tag_configuration_data_id =
            std::env::var("METRIC_TAG_CONFIGURATION_DATA_ID").unwrap();
        let configuration = datadog::Configuration::new();
        let api = MetricsAPI::with_config(configuration);
        let resp = api
            .list_tag_configuration_by_name(metric_tag_configuration_data_id.clone())
            .await;
        if let Ok(value) = resp {
            println!("{:#?}", value);
        } else {
            println!("{:#?}", resp.unwrap_err());
        }
    }
    

#### Instructions

First [install the library and its
dependencies](https://docs.datadoghq.com/api/latest/?code-lang=rust) and then
save the example to `src/main.rs` and run following commands:

    
    
        
    
    DD_SITE="datadoghq.comus3.datadoghq.comus5.datadoghq.comdatadoghq.euap1.datadoghq.comddog-gov.com" DD_API_KEY="<DD_API_KEY>" DD_APP_KEY="<DD_APP_KEY>" cargo run

#####  List tag configuration by name

    
    
    /**
     * List tag configuration by name returns "Success" response
     */
    
    import { client, v2 } from "@datadog/datadog-api-client";
    
    const configuration = client.createConfiguration();
    const apiInstance = new v2.MetricsApi(configuration);
    
    // there is a valid "metric_tag_configuration" in the system
    const METRIC_TAG_CONFIGURATION_DATA_ID = process.env
      .METRIC_TAG_CONFIGURATION_DATA_ID as string;
    
    const params: v2.MetricsApiListTagConfigurationByNameRequest = {
      metricName: METRIC_TAG_CONFIGURATION_DATA_ID,
    };
    
    apiInstance
      .listTagConfigurationByName(params)
      .then((data: v2.MetricTagConfigurationResponse) => {
        console.log(
          "API called successfully. Returned data: " + JSON.stringify(data)
        );
      })
      .catch((error: any) => console.error(error));
    

#### Instructions

First [install the library and its
dependencies](https://docs.datadoghq.com/api/latest/?code-lang=typescript) and
then save the example to `example.ts` and run following commands:

    
    
        
    
    DD_SITE="datadoghq.comus3.datadoghq.comus5.datadoghq.comdatadoghq.euap1.datadoghq.comddog-gov.com" DD_API_KEY="<DD_API_KEY>" DD_APP_KEY="<DD_APP_KEY>" tsc "example.ts"

* * *

## Query scalar data across multiple products

  * v2 (latest)

POST
https://api.ap1.datadoghq.com/api/v2/query/scalarhttps://api.datadoghq.eu/api/v2/query/scalarhttps://api.ddog-
gov.com/api/v2/query/scalarhttps://api.datadoghq.com/api/v2/query/scalarhttps://api.us3.datadoghq.com/api/v2/query/scalarhttps://api.us5.datadoghq.com/api/v2/query/scalar

### Overview

Query scalar values (as seen on Query Value, Table, and Toplist widgets).
Multiple data sources are supported with the ability to process the data using
formulas and functions. This endpoint requires the `timeseries_query`
permission.

OAuth apps require the `timeseries_query` authorization
[scope](https://docs.datadoghq.com/api/latest/scopes/#metrics) to access this
endpoint.

### Request

#### Body Data (required)

  * Model
  * Example

Expand All

Field

Type

Description

data [_required_]

object

A single scalar query to be executed.

attributes [_required_]

object

The object describing a scalar formula request.

formulas

[object]

List of formulas to be calculated and returned as responses.

formula [_required_]

string

Formula string, referencing one or more queries with their name property.

limit

object

Message for specifying limits to the number of values returned by a query.
This limit is only for scalar queries and has no effect on timeseries queries.

count

int32

The number of results to which to limit.

order

enum

Direction of sort. Allowed enum values: `asc,desc`

default: `desc`

from [_required_]

int64

Start date (inclusive) of the query in milliseconds since the Unix epoch.

queries [_required_]

[ <oneOf>]

List of queries to be run and used as inputs to the formulas.

Option 1

object

An individual scalar metrics query.

aggregator [_required_]

enum

The type of aggregation that can be performed on metrics-based queries.
Allowed enum values: `avg,min,max,sum,last,percentile,mean,l2norm,area`

default: `avg`

data_source [_required_]

enum

A data source that is powered by the Metrics platform. Allowed enum values:
`metrics,cloud_cost`

default: `metrics`

name

string

The variable name for use in formulas.

query [_required_]

string

A classic metrics query string.

Option 2

object

An individual scalar events query.

compute [_required_]

object

The instructions for what to compute for this query.

aggregation [_required_]

enum

The type of aggregation that can be performed on events-based queries. Allowed
enum values: `count,cardinality,pc75,pc90,pc95,pc98,pc99,sum,min,max,avg`

default: `count`

interval

int64

Interval for compute in milliseconds.

metric

string

The "measure" attribute on which to perform the computation.

data_source [_required_]

enum

A data source that is powered by the Events Platform. Allowed enum values:
`logs,rum`

default: `logs`

group_by

[object]

The list of facets on which to split results.

facet [_required_]

string

The facet by which to split groups.

limit

int32

The maximum buckets to return for this group by. Note: at most 10000 buckets
are allowed. If grouping by multiple facets, the product of limits must not
exceed 10000.

default: `10`

sort

object

The dimension by which to sort a query's results.

aggregation [_required_]

enum

The type of aggregation that can be performed on events-based queries. Allowed
enum values: `count,cardinality,pc75,pc90,pc95,pc98,pc99,sum,min,max,avg`

default: `count`

metric

string

The metric's calculated value which should be used to define the sort order of
a query's results.

order

enum

Direction of sort. Allowed enum values: `asc,desc`

default: `desc`

type

enum

The type of sort to use on the calculated value. Allowed enum values:
`alphabetical,measure`

indexes

[string]

The indexes in which to search.

name

string

The variable name for use in formulas.

search

object

Configuration of the search/filter for an events query.

query

string

The search/filter string for an events query.

to [_required_]

int64

End date (exclusive) of the query in milliseconds since the Unix epoch.

type [_required_]

enum

The type of the resource. The value should always be scalar_request. Allowed
enum values: `scalar_request`

default: `scalar_request`

    
    
    {
      "data": {
        "attributes": {
          "formulas": [
            {
              "formula": "a",
              "limit": {
                "count": 10,
                "order": "desc"
              }
            }
          ],
          "from": 1636625471000,
          "queries": [
            {
              "aggregator": "avg",
              "data_source": "metrics",
              "query": "avg:system.cpu.user{*}",
              "name": "a"
            }
          ],
          "to": 1636629071000
        },
        "type": "scalar_request"
      }
    }

### Response

  * 200
  * 400
  * 401
  * 403
  * 429

OK

  * Model
  * Example

A message containing one or more responses to scalar queries.

Expand All

Field

Type

Description

data

object

A message containing the response to a scalar query.

attributes

object

The object describing a scalar response.

columns

[ <oneOf>]

List of response columns, each corresponding to an individual formula or query
in the request and with values in parallel arrays matching the series list.

Option 1

object

A column containing the tag keys and values in a group.

name

string

The name of the tag key or group.

type

enum

The type of column present for groups. Allowed enum values: `group`

default: `group`

values

[array]

The array of tag values for each group found for the results of the formulas
or queries.

Option 2

object

A column containing the numerical results for a formula or query.

meta

object

Metadata for the resulting numerical values.

unit

[object]

Detailed information about the unit. First element describes the "primary
unit" (for example, `bytes` in `bytes per second`). The second element
describes the "per unit" (for example, `second` in `bytes per second`). If the
second element is not present, the API returns null.

family

string

Unit family, allows for conversion between units of the same family, for
scaling.

name

string

Unit name

plural

string

Plural form of the unit name.

scale_factor

double

Factor for scaling between units of the same family.

short_name

string

Abbreviation of the unit.

name

string

The name referencing the formula or query for this column.

type

enum

The type of column present for numbers. Allowed enum values: `number`

default: `number`

values

[number]

The array of numerical values for one formula or query.

type

enum

The type of the resource. The value should always be scalar_response. Allowed
enum values: `scalar_response`

default: `scalar_response`

errors

string

An error generated when processing a request.

    
    
    {
      "data": {
        "attributes": {
          "columns": [
            {
              "name": "env",
              "type": "group",
              "values": [
                [
                  "staging"
                ]
              ]
            }
          ]
        },
        "type": "scalar_response"
      },
      "errors": "string"
    }

Bad Request

  * Model
  * Example

API error response.

Expand All

Field

Type

Description

errors [_required_]

[string]

A list of errors.

    
    
    {
      "errors": [
        "Bad Request"
      ]
    }

Unauthorized

  * Model
  * Example

API error response.

Expand All

Field

Type

Description

errors [_required_]

[string]

A list of errors.

    
    
    {
      "errors": [
        "Bad Request"
      ]
    }

Forbidden

  * Model
  * Example

API error response.

Expand All

Field

Type

Description

errors [_required_]

[string]

A list of errors.

    
    
    {
      "errors": [
        "Bad Request"
      ]
    }

Too many requests

  * Model
  * Example

API error response.

Expand All

Field

Type

Description

errors [_required_]

[string]

A list of errors.

    
    
    {
      "errors": [
        "Bad Request"
      ]
    }

### Code Example

  * [Curl](?code-lang=curl#)
  * [Go](?code-lang=go#)
  * [Java](?code-lang=java#)
  * [Python](?code-lang=python#)
  * [Ruby](?code-lang=ruby#)
  * [Rust](?code-lang=rust#)
  * [Typescript](?code-lang=typescript#)

#####  Scalar cross product query returns "OK" response

Copy

    
    
                              # Curl command  
    curl -X POST "https://api.ap1.datadoghq.com"https://api.datadoghq.eu"https://api.ddog-gov.com"https://api.datadoghq.com"https://api.us3.datadoghq.com"https://api.us5.datadoghq.com/api/v2/query/scalar" \
    -H "Accept: application/json" \
    -H "Content-Type: application/json" \
    -H "DD-API-KEY: ${DD_API_KEY}" \
    -H "DD-APPLICATION-KEY: ${DD_APP_KEY}" \
    -d @- << EOF
    {
      "data": {
        "attributes": {
          "formulas": [
            {
              "formula": "a",
              "limit": {
                "count": 10,
                "order": "desc"
              }
            }
          ],
          "from": 1636625471000,
          "queries": [
            {
              "aggregator": "avg",
              "data_source": "metrics",
              "query": "avg:system.cpu.user{*}",
              "name": "a"
            }
          ],
          "to": 1636629071000
        },
        "type": "scalar_request"
      }
    }
    EOF  
    
                            

#####  Scalar cross product query returns "OK" response

    
    
    // Scalar cross product query returns "OK" response
    
    package main
    
    import (
    	"context"
    	"encoding/json"
    	"fmt"
    	"os"
    
    	"github.com/DataDog/datadog-api-client-go/v2/api/datadog"
    	"github.com/DataDog/datadog-api-client-go/v2/api/datadogV2"
    )
    
    func main() {
    	body := datadogV2.ScalarFormulaQueryRequest{
    		Data: datadogV2.ScalarFormulaRequest{
    			Attributes: datadogV2.ScalarFormulaRequestAttributes{
    				Formulas: []datadogV2.QueryFormula{
    					{
    						Formula: "a",
    						Limit: &datadogV2.FormulaLimit{
    							Count: datadog.PtrInt32(10),
    							Order: datadogV2.QUERYSORTORDER_DESC.Ptr(),
    						},
    					},
    				},
    				From: 1636625471000,
    				Queries: []datadogV2.ScalarQuery{
    					datadogV2.ScalarQuery{
    						MetricsScalarQuery: &datadogV2.MetricsScalarQuery{
    							Aggregator: datadogV2.METRICSAGGREGATOR_AVG,
    							DataSource: datadogV2.METRICSDATASOURCE_METRICS,
    							Query:      "avg:system.cpu.user{*}",
    							Name:       datadog.PtrString("a"),
    						}},
    				},
    				To: 1636629071000,
    			},
    			Type: datadogV2.SCALARFORMULAREQUESTTYPE_SCALAR_REQUEST,
    		},
    	}
    	ctx := datadog.NewDefaultContext(context.Background())
    	configuration := datadog.NewConfiguration()
    	apiClient := datadog.NewAPIClient(configuration)
    	api := datadogV2.NewMetricsApi(apiClient)
    	resp, r, err := api.QueryScalarData(ctx, body)
    
    	if err != nil {
    		fmt.Fprintf(os.Stderr, "Error when calling `MetricsApi.QueryScalarData`: %v\n", err)
    		fmt.Fprintf(os.Stderr, "Full HTTP response: %v\n", r)
    	}
    
    	responseContent, _ := json.MarshalIndent(resp, "", "  ")
    	fmt.Fprintf(os.Stdout, "Response from `MetricsApi.QueryScalarData`:\n%s\n", responseContent)
    }
    

#### Instructions

First [install the library and its
dependencies](https://docs.datadoghq.com/api/latest/?code-lang=go) and then
save the example to `main.go` and run following commands:

    
    
        
    
    DD_SITE="datadoghq.comus3.datadoghq.comus5.datadoghq.comdatadoghq.euap1.datadoghq.comddog-gov.com" DD_API_KEY="<DD_API_KEY>" DD_APP_KEY="<DD_APP_KEY>" go run "main.go"

#####  Scalar cross product query returns "OK" response

    
    
    // Scalar cross product query returns "OK" response
    
    import com.datadog.api.client.ApiClient;
    import com.datadog.api.client.ApiException;
    import com.datadog.api.client.v2.api.MetricsApi;
    import com.datadog.api.client.v2.model.FormulaLimit;
    import com.datadog.api.client.v2.model.MetricsAggregator;
    import com.datadog.api.client.v2.model.MetricsDataSource;
    import com.datadog.api.client.v2.model.MetricsScalarQuery;
    import com.datadog.api.client.v2.model.QueryFormula;
    import com.datadog.api.client.v2.model.QuerySortOrder;
    import com.datadog.api.client.v2.model.ScalarFormulaQueryRequest;
    import com.datadog.api.client.v2.model.ScalarFormulaQueryResponse;
    import com.datadog.api.client.v2.model.ScalarFormulaRequest;
    import com.datadog.api.client.v2.model.ScalarFormulaRequestAttributes;
    import com.datadog.api.client.v2.model.ScalarFormulaRequestType;
    import com.datadog.api.client.v2.model.ScalarQuery;
    import java.util.Collections;
    
    public class Example {
      public static void main(String[] args) {
        ApiClient defaultClient = ApiClient.getDefaultApiClient();
        MetricsApi apiInstance = new MetricsApi(defaultClient);
    
        ScalarFormulaQueryRequest body =
            new ScalarFormulaQueryRequest()
                .data(
                    new ScalarFormulaRequest()
                        .attributes(
                            new ScalarFormulaRequestAttributes()
                                .formulas(
                                    Collections.singletonList(
                                        new QueryFormula()
                                            .formula("a")
                                            .limit(
                                                new FormulaLimit()
                                                    .count(10)
                                                    .order(QuerySortOrder.DESC))))
                                .from(1636625471000L)
                                .queries(
                                    Collections.singletonList(
                                        new ScalarQuery(
                                            new MetricsScalarQuery()
                                                .aggregator(MetricsAggregator.AVG)
                                                .dataSource(MetricsDataSource.METRICS)
                                                .query("avg:system.cpu.user{*}")
                                                .name("a"))))
                                .to(1636629071000L))
                        .type(ScalarFormulaRequestType.SCALAR_REQUEST));
    
        try {
          ScalarFormulaQueryResponse result = apiInstance.queryScalarData(body);
          System.out.println(result);
        } catch (ApiException e) {
          System.err.println("Exception when calling MetricsApi#queryScalarData");
          System.err.println("Status code: " + e.getCode());
          System.err.println("Reason: " + e.getResponseBody());
          System.err.println("Response headers: " + e.getResponseHeaders());
          e.printStackTrace();
        }
      }
    }
    

#### Instructions

First [install the library and its
dependencies](https://docs.datadoghq.com/api/latest/?code-lang=java) and then
save the example to `Example.java` and run following commands:

    
    
        
    
    DD_SITE="datadoghq.comus3.datadoghq.comus5.datadoghq.comdatadoghq.euap1.datadoghq.comddog-gov.com" DD_API_KEY="<DD_API_KEY>" DD_APP_KEY="<DD_APP_KEY>" java "Example.java"

#####  Scalar cross product query returns "OK" response

    
    
    """
    Scalar cross product query returns "OK" response
    """
    
    from datadog_api_client import ApiClient, Configuration
    from datadog_api_client.v2.api.metrics_api import MetricsApi
    from datadog_api_client.v2.model.formula_limit import FormulaLimit
    from datadog_api_client.v2.model.metrics_aggregator import MetricsAggregator
    from datadog_api_client.v2.model.metrics_data_source import MetricsDataSource
    from datadog_api_client.v2.model.metrics_scalar_query import MetricsScalarQuery
    from datadog_api_client.v2.model.query_formula import QueryFormula
    from datadog_api_client.v2.model.query_sort_order import QuerySortOrder
    from datadog_api_client.v2.model.scalar_formula_query_request import ScalarFormulaQueryRequest
    from datadog_api_client.v2.model.scalar_formula_request import ScalarFormulaRequest
    from datadog_api_client.v2.model.scalar_formula_request_attributes import ScalarFormulaRequestAttributes
    from datadog_api_client.v2.model.scalar_formula_request_queries import ScalarFormulaRequestQueries
    from datadog_api_client.v2.model.scalar_formula_request_type import ScalarFormulaRequestType
    
    body = ScalarFormulaQueryRequest(
        data=ScalarFormulaRequest(
            attributes=ScalarFormulaRequestAttributes(
                formulas=[
                    QueryFormula(
                        formula="a",
                        limit=FormulaLimit(
                            count=10,
                            order=QuerySortOrder.DESC,
                        ),
                    ),
                ],
                _from=1636625471000,
                queries=ScalarFormulaRequestQueries(
                    [
                        MetricsScalarQuery(
                            aggregator=MetricsAggregator.AVG,
                            data_source=MetricsDataSource.METRICS,
                            query="avg:system.cpu.user{*}",
                            name="a",
                        ),
                    ]
                ),
                to=1636629071000,
            ),
            type=ScalarFormulaRequestType.SCALAR_REQUEST,
        ),
    )
    
    configuration = Configuration()
    with ApiClient(configuration) as api_client:
        api_instance = MetricsApi(api_client)
        response = api_instance.query_scalar_data(body=body)
    
        print(response)
    

#### Instructions

First [install the library and its
dependencies](https://docs.datadoghq.com/api/latest/?code-lang=python) and
then save the example to `example.py` and run following commands:

    
    
        
    
    DD_SITE="datadoghq.comus3.datadoghq.comus5.datadoghq.comdatadoghq.euap1.datadoghq.comddog-gov.com" DD_API_KEY="<DD_API_KEY>" DD_APP_KEY="<DD_APP_KEY>" python3 "example.py"

#####  Scalar cross product query returns "OK" response

    
    
    # Scalar cross product query returns "OK" response
    
    require "datadog_api_client"
    api_instance = DatadogAPIClient::V2::MetricsAPI.new
    
    body = DatadogAPIClient::V2::ScalarFormulaQueryRequest.new({
      data: DatadogAPIClient::V2::ScalarFormulaRequest.new({
        attributes: DatadogAPIClient::V2::ScalarFormulaRequestAttributes.new({
          formulas: [
            DatadogAPIClient::V2::QueryFormula.new({
              formula: "a",
              limit: DatadogAPIClient::V2::FormulaLimit.new({
                count: 10,
                order: DatadogAPIClient::V2::QuerySortOrder::DESC,
              }),
            }),
          ],
          from: 1636625471000,
          queries: [
            DatadogAPIClient::V2::MetricsScalarQuery.new({
              aggregator: DatadogAPIClient::V2::MetricsAggregator::AVG,
              data_source: DatadogAPIClient::V2::MetricsDataSource::METRICS,
              query: "avg:system.cpu.user{*}",
              name: "a",
            }),
          ],
          to: 1636629071000,
        }),
        type: DatadogAPIClient::V2::ScalarFormulaRequestType::SCALAR_REQUEST,
      }),
    })
    p api_instance.query_scalar_data(body)
    

#### Instructions

First [install the library and its
dependencies](https://docs.datadoghq.com/api/latest/?code-lang=ruby) and then
save the example to `example.rb` and run following commands:

    
    
        
    
    DD_SITE="datadoghq.comus3.datadoghq.comus5.datadoghq.comdatadoghq.euap1.datadoghq.comddog-gov.com" DD_API_KEY="<DD_API_KEY>" DD_APP_KEY="<DD_APP_KEY>" rb "example.rb"

#####  Scalar cross product query returns "OK" response

    
    
    // Scalar cross product query returns "OK" response
    use datadog_api_client::datadog;
    use datadog_api_client::datadogV2::api_metrics::MetricsAPI;
    use datadog_api_client::datadogV2::model::FormulaLimit;
    use datadog_api_client::datadogV2::model::MetricsAggregator;
    use datadog_api_client::datadogV2::model::MetricsDataSource;
    use datadog_api_client::datadogV2::model::MetricsScalarQuery;
    use datadog_api_client::datadogV2::model::QueryFormula;
    use datadog_api_client::datadogV2::model::QuerySortOrder;
    use datadog_api_client::datadogV2::model::ScalarFormulaQueryRequest;
    use datadog_api_client::datadogV2::model::ScalarFormulaRequest;
    use datadog_api_client::datadogV2::model::ScalarFormulaRequestAttributes;
    use datadog_api_client::datadogV2::model::ScalarFormulaRequestType;
    use datadog_api_client::datadogV2::model::ScalarQuery;
    
    #[tokio::main]
    async fn main() {
        let body = ScalarFormulaQueryRequest::new(ScalarFormulaRequest::new(
            ScalarFormulaRequestAttributes::new(
                1636625471000,
                vec![ScalarQuery::MetricsScalarQuery(Box::new(
                    MetricsScalarQuery::new(
                        MetricsAggregator::AVG,
                        MetricsDataSource::METRICS,
                        "avg:system.cpu.user{*}".to_string(),
                    )
                    .name("a".to_string()),
                ))],
                1636629071000,
            )
            .formulas(vec![QueryFormula::new("a".to_string())
                .limit(FormulaLimit::new().count(10).order(QuerySortOrder::DESC))]),
            ScalarFormulaRequestType::SCALAR_REQUEST,
        ));
        let configuration = datadog::Configuration::new();
        let api = MetricsAPI::with_config(configuration);
        let resp = api.query_scalar_data(body).await;
        if let Ok(value) = resp {
            println!("{:#?}", value);
        } else {
            println!("{:#?}", resp.unwrap_err());
        }
    }
    

#### Instructions

First [install the library and its
dependencies](https://docs.datadoghq.com/api/latest/?code-lang=rust) and then
save the example to `src/main.rs` and run following commands:

    
    
        
    
    DD_SITE="datadoghq.comus3.datadoghq.comus5.datadoghq.comdatadoghq.euap1.datadoghq.comddog-gov.com" DD_API_KEY="<DD_API_KEY>" DD_APP_KEY="<DD_APP_KEY>" cargo run

#####  Scalar cross product query returns "OK" response

    
    
    /**
     * Scalar cross product query returns "OK" response
     */
    
    import { client, v2 } from "@datadog/datadog-api-client";
    
    const configuration = client.createConfiguration();
    const apiInstance = new v2.MetricsApi(configuration);
    
    const params: v2.MetricsApiQueryScalarDataRequest = {
      body: {
        data: {
          attributes: {
            formulas: [
              {
                formula: "a",
                limit: {
                  count: 10,
                  order: "desc",
                },
              },
            ],
            from: 1636625471000,
            queries: [
              {
                aggregator: "avg",
                dataSource: "metrics",
                query: "avg:system.cpu.user{*}",
                name: "a",
              },
            ],
            to: 1636629071000,
          },
          type: "scalar_request",
        },
      },
    };
    
    apiInstance
      .queryScalarData(params)
      .then((data: v2.ScalarFormulaQueryResponse) => {
        console.log(
          "API called successfully. Returned data: " + JSON.stringify(data)
        );
      })
      .catch((error: any) => console.error(error));
    

#### Instructions

First [install the library and its
dependencies](https://docs.datadoghq.com/api/latest/?code-lang=typescript) and
then save the example to `example.ts` and run following commands:

    
    
        
    
    DD_SITE="datadoghq.comus3.datadoghq.comus5.datadoghq.comdatadoghq.euap1.datadoghq.comddog-gov.com" DD_API_KEY="<DD_API_KEY>" DD_APP_KEY="<DD_APP_KEY>" tsc "example.ts"

* * *

## Edit metric metadata

  * v1 (latest)

PUT
https://api.ap1.datadoghq.com/api/v1/metrics/{metric_name}https://api.datadoghq.eu/api/v1/metrics/{metric_name}https://api.ddog-
gov.com/api/v1/metrics/{metric_name}https://api.datadoghq.com/api/v1/metrics/{metric_name}https://api.us3.datadoghq.com/api/v1/metrics/{metric_name}https://api.us5.datadoghq.com/api/v1/metrics/{metric_name}

### Overview

Edit metadata of a specific metric. Find out more about [supported
types](https://docs.datadoghq.com/developers/metrics). This endpoint requires
the `metrics_metadata_write` permission.

### Arguments

#### Path Parameters

Name

Type

Description

metric_name [_required_]

string

Name of the metric for which to edit metadata.

### Request

#### Body Data (required)

New metadata.

  * Model
  * Example

Expand All

Field

Type

Description

description

string

Metric description.

integration

string

Name of the integration that sent the metric if applicable.

per_unit

string

Per unit of the metric such as `second` in `bytes per second`.

short_name

string

A more human-readable and abbreviated version of the metric name.

statsd_interval

int64

StatsD flush interval of the metric in seconds if applicable.

type

string

Metric type such as `gauge` or `rate`.

unit

string

Primary unit of the metric such as `byte` or `operation`.

    
    
    {
      "description": "string",
      "per_unit": "second",
      "short_name": "string",
      "statsd_interval": "integer",
      "type": "count",
      "unit": "byte"
    }

### Response

  * 200
  * 400
  * 403
  * 404
  * 429

OK

  * Model
  * Example

Object with all metric related metadata.

Expand All

Field

Type

Description

description

string

Metric description.

integration

string

Name of the integration that sent the metric if applicable.

per_unit

string

Per unit of the metric such as `second` in `bytes per second`.

short_name

string

A more human-readable and abbreviated version of the metric name.

statsd_interval

int64

StatsD flush interval of the metric in seconds if applicable.

type

string

Metric type such as `gauge` or `rate`.

unit

string

Primary unit of the metric such as `byte` or `operation`.

    
    
    {
      "description": "string",
      "integration": "string",
      "per_unit": "second",
      "short_name": "string",
      "statsd_interval": "integer",
      "type": "count",
      "unit": "byte"
    }

Bad Request

  * Model
  * Example

Error response object.

Expand All

Field

Type

Description

errors [_required_]

[string]

Array of errors returned by the API.

    
    
    {
      "errors": [
        "Bad Request"
      ]
    }

Forbidden

  * Model
  * Example

Error response object.

Expand All

Field

Type

Description

errors [_required_]

[string]

Array of errors returned by the API.

    
    
    {
      "errors": [
        "Bad Request"
      ]
    }

Not Found

  * Model
  * Example

Error response object.

Expand All

Field

Type

Description

errors [_required_]

[string]

Array of errors returned by the API.

    
    
    {
      "errors": [
        "Bad Request"
      ]
    }

Too many requests

  * Model
  * Example

Error response object.

Expand All

Field

Type

Description

errors [_required_]

[string]

Array of errors returned by the API.

    
    
    {
      "errors": [
        "Bad Request"
      ]
    }

### Code Example

  * [Curl](?code-lang=curl#)
  * [Python](?code-lang=python#)
  * [Ruby](?code-lang=ruby#)
  * [Go](?code-lang=go#)
  * [Java](?code-lang=java#)
  * [Rust](?code-lang=rust#)
  * [Typescript](?code-lang=typescript#)

#####  Edit metric metadata

Copy

    
    
                      # Path parameters  
    export metric_name="CHANGE_ME"  
    # Curl command  
    curl -X PUT "https://api.ap1.datadoghq.com"https://api.datadoghq.eu"https://api.ddog-gov.com"https://api.datadoghq.com"https://api.us3.datadoghq.com"https://api.us5.datadoghq.com/api/v1/metrics/${metric_name}" \
    -H "Accept: application/json" \
    -H "Content-Type: application/json" \
    -H "DD-API-KEY: ${DD_API_KEY}" \
    -H "DD-APPLICATION-KEY: ${DD_APP_KEY}" \
    -d @- << EOF
    {}
    EOF  
    
                    

#####  Edit metric metadata

    
    
    """
    Edit metric metadata returns "OK" response
    """
    
    from datadog_api_client import ApiClient, Configuration
    from datadog_api_client.v1.api.metrics_api import MetricsApi
    from datadog_api_client.v1.model.metric_metadata import MetricMetadata
    
    body = MetricMetadata(
        per_unit="second",
        type="count",
        unit="byte",
    )
    
    configuration = Configuration()
    with ApiClient(configuration) as api_client:
        api_instance = MetricsApi(api_client)
        response = api_instance.update_metric_metadata(metric_name="metric_name", body=body)
    
        print(response)
    

#### Instructions

First [install the library and its
dependencies](https://docs.datadoghq.com/api/latest/?code-lang=python) and
then save the example to `example.py` and run following commands:

    
    
        
    
    DD_SITE="datadoghq.comus3.datadoghq.comus5.datadoghq.comdatadoghq.euap1.datadoghq.comddog-gov.com" DD_API_KEY="<API-KEY>" DD_APP_KEY="<APP-KEY>" python3 "example.py"

#####  Edit metric metadata

    
    
    # Edit metric metadata returns "OK" response
    
    require "datadog_api_client"
    api_instance = DatadogAPIClient::V1::MetricsAPI.new
    
    body = DatadogAPIClient::V1::MetricMetadata.new({
      per_unit: "second",
      type: "count",
      unit: "byte",
    })
    p api_instance.update_metric_metadata("metric_name", body)
    

#### Instructions

First [install the library and its
dependencies](https://docs.datadoghq.com/api/latest/?code-lang=ruby) and then
save the example to `example.rb` and run following commands:

    
    
        
    
    DD_SITE="datadoghq.comus3.datadoghq.comus5.datadoghq.comdatadoghq.euap1.datadoghq.comddog-gov.com" DD_API_KEY="<API-KEY>" DD_APP_KEY="<APP-KEY>" rb "example.rb"

#####  Edit metric metadata

    
    
    // Edit metric metadata returns "OK" response
    
    package main
    
    import (
    	"context"
    	"encoding/json"
    	"fmt"
    	"os"
    
    	"github.com/DataDog/datadog-api-client-go/v2/api/datadog"
    	"github.com/DataDog/datadog-api-client-go/v2/api/datadogV1"
    )
    
    func main() {
    	body := datadogV1.MetricMetadata{
    		PerUnit: datadog.PtrString("second"),
    		Type:    datadog.PtrString("count"),
    		Unit:    datadog.PtrString("byte"),
    	}
    	ctx := datadog.NewDefaultContext(context.Background())
    	configuration := datadog.NewConfiguration()
    	apiClient := datadog.NewAPIClient(configuration)
    	api := datadogV1.NewMetricsApi(apiClient)
    	resp, r, err := api.UpdateMetricMetadata(ctx, "metric_name", body)
    
    	if err != nil {
    		fmt.Fprintf(os.Stderr, "Error when calling `MetricsApi.UpdateMetricMetadata`: %v\n", err)
    		fmt.Fprintf(os.Stderr, "Full HTTP response: %v\n", r)
    	}
    
    	responseContent, _ := json.MarshalIndent(resp, "", "  ")
    	fmt.Fprintf(os.Stdout, "Response from `MetricsApi.UpdateMetricMetadata`:\n%s\n", responseContent)
    }
    

#### Instructions

First [install the library and its
dependencies](https://docs.datadoghq.com/api/latest/?code-lang=go) and then
save the example to `main.go` and run following commands:

    
    
        
    
    DD_SITE="datadoghq.comus3.datadoghq.comus5.datadoghq.comdatadoghq.euap1.datadoghq.comddog-gov.com" DD_API_KEY="<API-KEY>" DD_APP_KEY="<APP-KEY>" go run "main.go"

#####  Edit metric metadata

    
    
    // Edit metric metadata returns "OK" response
    
    import com.datadog.api.client.ApiClient;
    import com.datadog.api.client.ApiException;
    import com.datadog.api.client.v1.api.MetricsApi;
    import com.datadog.api.client.v1.model.MetricMetadata;
    
    public class Example {
      public static void main(String[] args) {
        ApiClient defaultClient = ApiClient.getDefaultApiClient();
        MetricsApi apiInstance = new MetricsApi(defaultClient);
    
        MetricMetadata body = new MetricMetadata().perUnit("second").type("count").unit("byte");
    
        try {
          MetricMetadata result = apiInstance.updateMetricMetadata("metric_name", body);
          System.out.println(result);
        } catch (ApiException e) {
          System.err.println("Exception when calling MetricsApi#updateMetricMetadata");
          System.err.println("Status code: " + e.getCode());
          System.err.println("Reason: " + e.getResponseBody());
          System.err.println("Response headers: " + e.getResponseHeaders());
          e.printStackTrace();
        }
      }
    }
    

#### Instructions

First [install the library and its
dependencies](https://docs.datadoghq.com/api/latest/?code-lang=java) and then
save the example to `Example.java` and run following commands:

    
    
        
    
    DD_SITE="datadoghq.comus3.datadoghq.comus5.datadoghq.comdatadoghq.euap1.datadoghq.comddog-gov.com" DD_API_KEY="<API-KEY>" DD_APP_KEY="<APP-KEY>" java "Example.java"

#####  Edit metric metadata

    
    
    // Edit metric metadata returns "OK" response
    use datadog_api_client::datadog;
    use datadog_api_client::datadogV1::api_metrics::MetricsAPI;
    use datadog_api_client::datadogV1::model::MetricMetadata;
    
    #[tokio::main]
    async fn main() {
        let body = MetricMetadata::new()
            .per_unit("second".to_string())
            .type_("count".to_string())
            .unit("byte".to_string());
        let configuration = datadog::Configuration::new();
        let api = MetricsAPI::with_config(configuration);
        let resp = api
            .update_metric_metadata("metric_name".to_string(), body)
            .await;
        if let Ok(value) = resp {
            println!("{:#?}", value);
        } else {
            println!("{:#?}", resp.unwrap_err());
        }
    }
    

#### Instructions

First [install the library and its
dependencies](https://docs.datadoghq.com/api/latest/?code-lang=rust) and then
save the example to `src/main.rs` and run following commands:

    
    
        
    
    DD_SITE="datadoghq.comus3.datadoghq.comus5.datadoghq.comdatadoghq.euap1.datadoghq.comddog-gov.com" DD_API_KEY="<API-KEY>" DD_APP_KEY="<APP-KEY>" cargo run

#####  Edit metric metadata

    
    
    /**
     * Edit metric metadata returns "OK" response
     */
    
    import { client, v1 } from "@datadog/datadog-api-client";
    
    const configuration = client.createConfiguration();
    const apiInstance = new v1.MetricsApi(configuration);
    
    const params: v1.MetricsApiUpdateMetricMetadataRequest = {
      body: {
        perUnit: "second",
        type: "count",
        unit: "byte",
      },
      metricName: "metric_name",
    };
    
    apiInstance
      .updateMetricMetadata(params)
      .then((data: v1.MetricMetadata) => {
        console.log(
          "API called successfully. Returned data: " + JSON.stringify(data)
        );
      })
      .catch((error: any) => console.error(error));
    

#### Instructions

First [install the library and its
dependencies](https://docs.datadoghq.com/api/latest/?code-lang=typescript) and
then save the example to `example.ts` and run following commands:

    
    
        
    
    DD_SITE="datadoghq.comus3.datadoghq.comus5.datadoghq.comdatadoghq.euap1.datadoghq.comddog-gov.com" DD_API_KEY="<API-KEY>" DD_APP_KEY="<APP-KEY>" tsc "example.ts"

* * *

## Update a tag configuration

  * v2 (latest)

PATCH
https://api.ap1.datadoghq.com/api/v2/metrics/{metric_name}/tagshttps://api.datadoghq.eu/api/v2/metrics/{metric_name}/tagshttps://api.ddog-
gov.com/api/v2/metrics/{metric_name}/tagshttps://api.datadoghq.com/api/v2/metrics/{metric_name}/tagshttps://api.us3.datadoghq.com/api/v2/metrics/{metric_name}/tagshttps://api.us5.datadoghq.com/api/v2/metrics/{metric_name}/tags

### Overview

Update the tag configuration of a metric or percentile aggregations of a
distribution metric or custom aggregations of a count, rate, or gauge metric.
By setting `exclude_tags_mode` to true the behavior is changed from an allow-
list to a deny-list, and tags in the defined list will not be queryable. Can
only be used with application keys from users with the `Manage Tags for
Metrics` permission. This endpoint requires a tag configuration to be created
first. This endpoint requires the `metric_tags_write` permission.

### Arguments

#### Path Parameters

Name

Type

Description

metric_name [_required_]

string

The name of the metric.

### Request

#### Body Data (required)

  * Model
  * Example

Expand All

Field

Type

Description

data [_required_]

object

Object for a single tag configuration to be edited.

attributes

object

Object containing the definition of a metric tag configuration to be updated.

aggregations

[object]

A list of queryable aggregation combinations for a count, rate, or gauge
metric. By default, count and rate metrics require the (time: sum, space: sum)
aggregation and Gauge metrics require the (time: avg, space: avg) aggregation.
Additional time & space combinations are also available:

  * time: avg, space: avg
  * time: avg, space: max
  * time: avg, space: min
  * time: avg, space: sum
  * time: count, space: sum
  * time: max, space: max
  * time: min, space: min
  * time: sum, space: avg
  * time: sum, space: sum

Can only be applied to non_distribution metrics that have a `metric_type` of
`count`, `rate`, or `gauge`.

space [_required_]

enum

A space aggregation for use in query. Allowed enum values: `avg,max,min,sum`

time [_required_]

enum

A time aggregation for use in query. Allowed enum values:
`avg,count,max,min,sum`

exclude_tags_mode

boolean

When set to true, the configuration will exclude the configured tags and
include any other submitted tags. When set to false, the configuration will
include the configured tags and exclude any other submitted tags. Defaults to
false. Requires `tags` property.

include_percentiles

boolean

Toggle to include/exclude percentiles for a distribution metric. Defaults to
false. Can only be applied to metrics that have a `metric_type` of
`distribution`.

tags

[string]

A list of tag keys that will be queryable for your metric.

default: ``

id [_required_]

string

The metric name for this resource.

type [_required_]

enum

The metric tag configuration resource type. Allowed enum values: `manage_tags`

default: `manage_tags`

    
    
    {
      "data": {
        "type": "manage_tags",
        "id": "test.metric.latency",
        "attributes": {
          "tags": [
            "app"
          ]
        }
      }
    }

### Response

  * 200
  * 400
  * 403
  * 422
  * 429

OK

  * Model
  * Example

Response object which includes a single metric’s tag configuration.

Expand All

Field

Type

Description

data

object

Object for a single metric tag configuration.

attributes

object

Object containing the definition of a metric tag configuration attributes.

aggregations

[object]

A list of queryable aggregation combinations for a count, rate, or gauge
metric. By default, count and rate metrics require the (time: sum, space: sum)
aggregation and Gauge metrics require the (time: avg, space: avg) aggregation.
Additional time & space combinations are also available:

  * time: avg, space: avg
  * time: avg, space: max
  * time: avg, space: min
  * time: avg, space: sum
  * time: count, space: sum
  * time: max, space: max
  * time: min, space: min
  * time: sum, space: avg
  * time: sum, space: sum

Can only be applied to non_distribution metrics that have a `metric_type` of
`count`, `rate`, or `gauge`.

space [_required_]

enum

A space aggregation for use in query. Allowed enum values: `avg,max,min,sum`

time [_required_]

enum

A time aggregation for use in query. Allowed enum values:
`avg,count,max,min,sum`

created_at

date-time

Timestamp when the tag configuration was created.

exclude_tags_mode

boolean

When set to true, the configuration will exclude the configured tags and
include any other submitted tags. When set to false, the configuration will
include the configured tags and exclude any other submitted tags. Defaults to
false. Requires `tags` property.

include_percentiles

boolean

Toggle to include or exclude percentile aggregations for distribution metrics.
Only present when the `metric_type` is `distribution`.

metric_type

enum

The metric's type. Allowed enum values: `gauge,count,rate,distribution`

default: `gauge`

modified_at

date-time

Timestamp when the tag configuration was last modified.

tags

[string]

List of tag keys on which to group.

id

string

The metric name for this resource.

type

enum

The metric tag configuration resource type. Allowed enum values: `manage_tags`

default: `manage_tags`

    
    
    {
      "data": {
        "attributes": {
          "aggregations": [
            {
              "space": "sum",
              "time": "sum"
            }
          ],
          "created_at": "2020-03-25T09:48:37.463835Z",
          "exclude_tags_mode": false,
          "include_percentiles": true,
          "metric_type": "count",
          "modified_at": "2020-03-25T09:48:37.463835Z",
          "tags": [
            "app",
            "datacenter"
          ]
        },
        "id": "test.metric.latency",
        "type": "manage_tags"
      }
    }

Bad Request

  * Model
  * Example

API error response.

Expand All

Field

Type

Description

errors [_required_]

[string]

A list of errors.

    
    
    {
      "errors": [
        "Bad Request"
      ]
    }

Forbidden

  * Model
  * Example

API error response.

Expand All

Field

Type

Description

errors [_required_]

[string]

A list of errors.

    
    
    {
      "errors": [
        "Bad Request"
      ]
    }

Unprocessable Entity

  * Model
  * Example

API error response.

Expand All

Field

Type

Description

errors [_required_]

[string]

A list of errors.

    
    
    {
      "errors": [
        "Bad Request"
      ]
    }

Too Many Requests

  * Model
  * Example

API error response.

Expand All

Field

Type

Description

errors [_required_]

[string]

A list of errors.

    
    
    {
      "errors": [
        "Bad Request"
      ]
    }

### Code Example

  * [Curl](?code-lang=curl#)
  * [Go](?code-lang=go#)
  * [Java](?code-lang=java#)
  * [Python](?code-lang=python#)
  * [Ruby](?code-lang=ruby#)
  * [Rust](?code-lang=rust#)
  * [Typescript](?code-lang=typescript#)

#####  Update a tag configuration returns "OK" response

Copy

    
    
                              # Path parameters  
    export metric_name="dist.http.endpoint.request"  
    # Curl command  
    curl -X PATCH "https://api.ap1.datadoghq.com"https://api.datadoghq.eu"https://api.ddog-gov.com"https://api.datadoghq.com"https://api.us3.datadoghq.com"https://api.us5.datadoghq.com/api/v2/metrics/${metric_name}/tags" \
    -H "Accept: application/json" \
    -H "Content-Type: application/json" \
    -H "DD-API-KEY: ${DD_API_KEY}" \
    -H "DD-APPLICATION-KEY: ${DD_APP_KEY}" \
    -d @- << EOF
    {
      "data": {
        "type": "manage_tags",
        "id": "test.metric.latency",
        "attributes": {
          "tags": [
            "app"
          ]
        }
      }
    }
    EOF  
    
                            

#####  Update a tag configuration returns "OK" response

    
    
    // Update a tag configuration returns "OK" response
    
    package main
    
    import (
    	"context"
    	"encoding/json"
    	"fmt"
    	"os"
    
    	"github.com/DataDog/datadog-api-client-go/v2/api/datadog"
    	"github.com/DataDog/datadog-api-client-go/v2/api/datadogV2"
    )
    
    func main() {
    	// there is a valid "metric_tag_configuration" in the system
    	MetricTagConfigurationDataID := os.Getenv("METRIC_TAG_CONFIGURATION_DATA_ID")
    
    	body := datadogV2.MetricTagConfigurationUpdateRequest{
    		Data: datadogV2.MetricTagConfigurationUpdateData{
    			Type: datadogV2.METRICTAGCONFIGURATIONTYPE_MANAGE_TAGS,
    			Id:   MetricTagConfigurationDataID,
    			Attributes: &datadogV2.MetricTagConfigurationUpdateAttributes{
    				Tags: []string{
    					"app",
    				},
    			},
    		},
    	}
    	ctx := datadog.NewDefaultContext(context.Background())
    	configuration := datadog.NewConfiguration()
    	apiClient := datadog.NewAPIClient(configuration)
    	api := datadogV2.NewMetricsApi(apiClient)
    	resp, r, err := api.UpdateTagConfiguration(ctx, MetricTagConfigurationDataID, body)
    
    	if err != nil {
    		fmt.Fprintf(os.Stderr, "Error when calling `MetricsApi.UpdateTagConfiguration`: %v\n", err)
    		fmt.Fprintf(os.Stderr, "Full HTTP response: %v\n", r)
    	}
    
    	responseContent, _ := json.MarshalIndent(resp, "", "  ")
    	fmt.Fprintf(os.Stdout, "Response from `MetricsApi.UpdateTagConfiguration`:\n%s\n", responseContent)
    }
    

#### Instructions

First [install the library and its
dependencies](https://docs.datadoghq.com/api/latest/?code-lang=go) and then
save the example to `main.go` and run following commands:

    
    
        
    
    DD_SITE="datadoghq.comus3.datadoghq.comus5.datadoghq.comdatadoghq.euap1.datadoghq.comddog-gov.com" DD_API_KEY="<API-KEY>" DD_APP_KEY="<APP-KEY>" go run "main.go"

#####  Update a tag configuration returns "OK" response

    
    
    // Update a tag configuration returns "OK" response
    
    import com.datadog.api.client.ApiClient;
    import com.datadog.api.client.ApiException;
    import com.datadog.api.client.v2.api.MetricsApi;
    import com.datadog.api.client.v2.model.MetricTagConfigurationResponse;
    import com.datadog.api.client.v2.model.MetricTagConfigurationType;
    import com.datadog.api.client.v2.model.MetricTagConfigurationUpdateAttributes;
    import com.datadog.api.client.v2.model.MetricTagConfigurationUpdateData;
    import com.datadog.api.client.v2.model.MetricTagConfigurationUpdateRequest;
    import java.util.Collections;
    
    public class Example {
      public static void main(String[] args) {
        ApiClient defaultClient = ApiClient.getDefaultApiClient();
        MetricsApi apiInstance = new MetricsApi(defaultClient);
    
        // there is a valid "metric_tag_configuration" in the system
        String METRIC_TAG_CONFIGURATION_DATA_ID = System.getenv("METRIC_TAG_CONFIGURATION_DATA_ID");
    
        MetricTagConfigurationUpdateRequest body =
            new MetricTagConfigurationUpdateRequest()
                .data(
                    new MetricTagConfigurationUpdateData()
                        .type(MetricTagConfigurationType.MANAGE_TAGS)
                        .id(METRIC_TAG_CONFIGURATION_DATA_ID)
                        .attributes(
                            new MetricTagConfigurationUpdateAttributes()
                                .tags(Collections.singletonList("app"))));
    
        try {
          MetricTagConfigurationResponse result =
              apiInstance.updateTagConfiguration(METRIC_TAG_CONFIGURATION_DATA_ID, body);
          System.out.println(result);
        } catch (ApiException e) {
          System.err.println("Exception when calling MetricsApi#updateTagConfiguration");
          System.err.println("Status code: " + e.getCode());
          System.err.println("Reason: " + e.getResponseBody());
          System.err.println("Response headers: " + e.getResponseHeaders());
          e.printStackTrace();
        }
      }
    }
    

#### Instructions

First [install the library and its
dependencies](https://docs.datadoghq.com/api/latest/?code-lang=java) and then
save the example to `Example.java` and run following commands:

    
    
        
    
    DD_SITE="datadoghq.comus3.datadoghq.comus5.datadoghq.comdatadoghq.euap1.datadoghq.comddog-gov.com" DD_API_KEY="<API-KEY>" DD_APP_KEY="<APP-KEY>" java "Example.java"

#####  Update a tag configuration returns "OK" response

    
    
    """
    Update a tag configuration returns "OK" response
    """
    
    from os import environ
    from datadog_api_client import ApiClient, Configuration
    from datadog_api_client.v2.api.metrics_api import MetricsApi
    from datadog_api_client.v2.model.metric_tag_configuration_type import MetricTagConfigurationType
    from datadog_api_client.v2.model.metric_tag_configuration_update_attributes import (
        MetricTagConfigurationUpdateAttributes,
    )
    from datadog_api_client.v2.model.metric_tag_configuration_update_data import MetricTagConfigurationUpdateData
    from datadog_api_client.v2.model.metric_tag_configuration_update_request import MetricTagConfigurationUpdateRequest
    
    # there is a valid "metric_tag_configuration" in the system
    METRIC_TAG_CONFIGURATION_DATA_ID = environ["METRIC_TAG_CONFIGURATION_DATA_ID"]
    
    body = MetricTagConfigurationUpdateRequest(
        data=MetricTagConfigurationUpdateData(
            type=MetricTagConfigurationType.MANAGE_TAGS,
            id=METRIC_TAG_CONFIGURATION_DATA_ID,
            attributes=MetricTagConfigurationUpdateAttributes(
                tags=[
                    "app",
                ],
            ),
        ),
    )
    
    configuration = Configuration()
    with ApiClient(configuration) as api_client:
        api_instance = MetricsApi(api_client)
        response = api_instance.update_tag_configuration(metric_name=METRIC_TAG_CONFIGURATION_DATA_ID, body=body)
    
        print(response)
    

#### Instructions

First [install the library and its
dependencies](https://docs.datadoghq.com/api/latest/?code-lang=python) and
then save the example to `example.py` and run following commands:

    
    
        
    
    DD_SITE="datadoghq.comus3.datadoghq.comus5.datadoghq.comdatadoghq.euap1.datadoghq.comddog-gov.com" DD_API_KEY="<API-KEY>" DD_APP_KEY="<APP-KEY>" python3 "example.py"

#####  Update a tag configuration returns "OK" response

    
    
    # Update a tag configuration returns "OK" response
    
    require "datadog_api_client"
    api_instance = DatadogAPIClient::V2::MetricsAPI.new
    
    # there is a valid "metric_tag_configuration" in the system
    METRIC_TAG_CONFIGURATION_DATA_ID = ENV["METRIC_TAG_CONFIGURATION_DATA_ID"]
    
    body = DatadogAPIClient::V2::MetricTagConfigurationUpdateRequest.new({
      data: DatadogAPIClient::V2::MetricTagConfigurationUpdateData.new({
        type: DatadogAPIClient::V2::MetricTagConfigurationType::MANAGE_TAGS,
        id: METRIC_TAG_CONFIGURATION_DATA_ID,
        attributes: DatadogAPIClient::V2::MetricTagConfigurationUpdateAttributes.new({
          tags: [
            "app",
          ],
        }),
      }),
    })
    p api_instance.update_tag_configuration(METRIC_TAG_CONFIGURATION_DATA_ID, body)
    

#### Instructions

First [install the library and its
dependencies](https://docs.datadoghq.com/api/latest/?code-lang=ruby) and then
save the example to `example.rb` and run following commands:

    
    
        
    
    DD_SITE="datadoghq.comus3.datadoghq.comus5.datadoghq.comdatadoghq.euap1.datadoghq.comddog-gov.com" DD_API_KEY="<API-KEY>" DD_APP_KEY="<APP-KEY>" rb "example.rb"

#####  Update a tag configuration returns "OK" response

    
    
    // Update a tag configuration returns "OK" response
    use datadog_api_client::datadog;
    use datadog_api_client::datadogV2::api_metrics::MetricsAPI;
    use datadog_api_client::datadogV2::model::MetricTagConfigurationType;
    use datadog_api_client::datadogV2::model::MetricTagConfigurationUpdateAttributes;
    use datadog_api_client::datadogV2::model::MetricTagConfigurationUpdateData;
    use datadog_api_client::datadogV2::model::MetricTagConfigurationUpdateRequest;
    
    #[tokio::main]
    async fn main() {
        // there is a valid "metric_tag_configuration" in the system
        let metric_tag_configuration_data_id =
            std::env::var("METRIC_TAG_CONFIGURATION_DATA_ID").unwrap();
        let body = MetricTagConfigurationUpdateRequest::new(
            MetricTagConfigurationUpdateData::new(
                metric_tag_configuration_data_id.clone(),
                MetricTagConfigurationType::MANAGE_TAGS,
            )
            .attributes(MetricTagConfigurationUpdateAttributes::new().tags(vec!["app".to_string()])),
        );
        let configuration = datadog::Configuration::new();
        let api = MetricsAPI::with_config(configuration);
        let resp = api
            .update_tag_configuration(metric_tag_configuration_data_id.clone(), body)
            .await;
        if let Ok(value) = resp {
            println!("{:#?}", value);
        } else {
            println!("{:#?}", resp.unwrap_err());
        }
    }
    

#### Instructions

First [install the library and its
dependencies](https://docs.datadoghq.com/api/latest/?code-lang=rust) and then
save the example to `src/main.rs` and run following commands:

    
    
        
    
    DD_SITE="datadoghq.comus3.datadoghq.comus5.datadoghq.comdatadoghq.euap1.datadoghq.comddog-gov.com" DD_API_KEY="<API-KEY>" DD_APP_KEY="<APP-KEY>" cargo run

#####  Update a tag configuration returns "OK" response

    
    
    /**
     * Update a tag configuration returns "OK" response
     */
    
    import { client, v2 } from "@datadog/datadog-api-client";
    
    const configuration = client.createConfiguration();
    const apiInstance = new v2.MetricsApi(configuration);
    
    // there is a valid "metric_tag_configuration" in the system
    const METRIC_TAG_CONFIGURATION_DATA_ID = process.env
      .METRIC_TAG_CONFIGURATION_DATA_ID as string;
    
    const params: v2.MetricsApiUpdateTagConfigurationRequest = {
      body: {
        data: {
          type: "manage_tags",
          id: METRIC_TAG_CONFIGURATION_DATA_ID,
          attributes: {
            tags: ["app"],
          },
        },
      },
      metricName: METRIC_TAG_CONFIGURATION_DATA_ID,
    };
    
    apiInstance
      .updateTagConfiguration(params)
      .then((data: v2.MetricTagConfigurationResponse) => {
        console.log(
          "API called successfully. Returned data: " + JSON.stringify(data)
        );
      })
      .catch((error: any) => console.error(error));
    

#### Instructions

First [install the library and its
dependencies](https://docs.datadoghq.com/api/latest/?code-lang=typescript) and
then save the example to `example.ts` and run following commands:

    
    
        
    
    DD_SITE="datadoghq.comus3.datadoghq.comus5.datadoghq.comdatadoghq.euap1.datadoghq.comddog-gov.com" DD_API_KEY="<API-KEY>" DD_APP_KEY="<APP-KEY>" tsc "example.ts"

* * *

## Delete a tag configuration

  * v2 (latest)

DELETE
https://api.ap1.datadoghq.com/api/v2/metrics/{metric_name}/tagshttps://api.datadoghq.eu/api/v2/metrics/{metric_name}/tagshttps://api.ddog-
gov.com/api/v2/metrics/{metric_name}/tagshttps://api.datadoghq.com/api/v2/metrics/{metric_name}/tagshttps://api.us3.datadoghq.com/api/v2/metrics/{metric_name}/tagshttps://api.us5.datadoghq.com/api/v2/metrics/{metric_name}/tags

### Overview

Deletes a metric’s tag configuration. Can only be used with application keys
from users with the `Manage Tags for Metrics` permission. This endpoint
requires the `metric_tags_write` permission.

### Arguments

#### Path Parameters

Name

Type

Description

metric_name [_required_]

string

The name of the metric.

### Response

  * 204
  * 403
  * 404
  * 429

No Content

Forbidden

  * Model
  * Example

API error response.

Expand All

Field

Type

Description

errors [_required_]

[string]

A list of errors.

    
    
    {
      "errors": [
        "Bad Request"
      ]
    }

Not found

  * Model
  * Example

API error response.

Expand All

Field

Type

Description

errors [_required_]

[string]

A list of errors.

    
    
    {
      "errors": [
        "Bad Request"
      ]
    }

Too Many Requests

  * Model
  * Example

API error response.

Expand All

Field

Type

Description

errors [_required_]

[string]

A list of errors.

    
    
    {
      "errors": [
        "Bad Request"
      ]
    }

### Code Example

  * [Curl](?code-lang=curl#)
  * [Python](?code-lang=python#)
  * [Ruby](?code-lang=ruby#)
  * [Go](?code-lang=go#)
  * [Java](?code-lang=java#)
  * [Rust](?code-lang=rust#)
  * [Typescript](?code-lang=typescript#)

#####  Delete a tag configuration

Copy

    
    
                      # Path parameters  
    export metric_name="dist.http.endpoint.request"  
    # Curl command  
    curl -X DELETE "https://api.ap1.datadoghq.com"https://api.datadoghq.eu"https://api.ddog-gov.com"https://api.datadoghq.com"https://api.us3.datadoghq.com"https://api.us5.datadoghq.com/api/v2/metrics/${metric_name}/tags" \
    -H "DD-API-KEY: ${DD_API_KEY}" \
    -H "DD-APPLICATION-KEY: ${DD_APP_KEY}"  
    
                    

#####  Delete a tag configuration

    
    
    """
    Delete a tag configuration returns "No Content" response
    """
    
    from datadog_api_client import ApiClient, Configuration
    from datadog_api_client.v2.api.metrics_api import MetricsApi
    
    configuration = Configuration()
    with ApiClient(configuration) as api_client:
        api_instance = MetricsApi(api_client)
        api_instance.delete_tag_configuration(
            metric_name="ExampleMetric",
        )
    

#### Instructions

First [install the library and its
dependencies](https://docs.datadoghq.com/api/latest/?code-lang=python) and
then save the example to `example.py` and run following commands:

    
    
        
    
    DD_SITE="datadoghq.comus3.datadoghq.comus5.datadoghq.comdatadoghq.euap1.datadoghq.comddog-gov.com" DD_API_KEY="<API-KEY>" DD_APP_KEY="<APP-KEY>" python3 "example.py"

#####  Delete a tag configuration

    
    
    # Delete a tag configuration returns "No Content" response
    
    require "datadog_api_client"
    api_instance = DatadogAPIClient::V2::MetricsAPI.new
    api_instance.delete_tag_configuration("ExampleMetric")
    

#### Instructions

First [install the library and its
dependencies](https://docs.datadoghq.com/api/latest/?code-lang=ruby) and then
save the example to `example.rb` and run following commands:

    
    
        
    
    DD_SITE="datadoghq.comus3.datadoghq.comus5.datadoghq.comdatadoghq.euap1.datadoghq.comddog-gov.com" DD_API_KEY="<API-KEY>" DD_APP_KEY="<APP-KEY>" rb "example.rb"

#####  Delete a tag configuration

    
    
    // Delete a tag configuration returns "No Content" response
    
    package main
    
    import (
    	"context"
    	"fmt"
    	"os"
    
    	"github.com/DataDog/datadog-api-client-go/v2/api/datadog"
    	"github.com/DataDog/datadog-api-client-go/v2/api/datadogV2"
    )
    
    func main() {
    	ctx := datadog.NewDefaultContext(context.Background())
    	configuration := datadog.NewConfiguration()
    	apiClient := datadog.NewAPIClient(configuration)
    	api := datadogV2.NewMetricsApi(apiClient)
    	r, err := api.DeleteTagConfiguration(ctx, "ExampleMetric")
    
    	if err != nil {
    		fmt.Fprintf(os.Stderr, "Error when calling `MetricsApi.DeleteTagConfiguration`: %v\n", err)
    		fmt.Fprintf(os.Stderr, "Full HTTP response: %v\n", r)
    	}
    }
    

#### Instructions

First [install the library and its
dependencies](https://docs.datadoghq.com/api/latest/?code-lang=go) and then
save the example to `main.go` and run following commands:

    
    
        
    
    DD_SITE="datadoghq.comus3.datadoghq.comus5.datadoghq.comdatadoghq.euap1.datadoghq.comddog-gov.com" DD_API_KEY="<API-KEY>" DD_APP_KEY="<APP-KEY>" go run "main.go"

#####  Delete a tag configuration

    
    
    // Delete a tag configuration returns "No Content" response
    
    import com.datadog.api.client.ApiClient;
    import com.datadog.api.client.ApiException;
    import com.datadog.api.client.v2.api.MetricsApi;
    
    public class Example {
      public static void main(String[] args) {
        ApiClient defaultClient = ApiClient.getDefaultApiClient();
        MetricsApi apiInstance = new MetricsApi(defaultClient);
    
        try {
          apiInstance.deleteTagConfiguration("ExampleMetric");
        } catch (ApiException e) {
          System.err.println("Exception when calling MetricsApi#deleteTagConfiguration");
          System.err.println("Status code: " + e.getCode());
          System.err.println("Reason: " + e.getResponseBody());
          System.err.println("Response headers: " + e.getResponseHeaders());
          e.printStackTrace();
        }
      }
    }
    

#### Instructions

First [install the library and its
dependencies](https://docs.datadoghq.com/api/latest/?code-lang=java) and then
save the example to `Example.java` and run following commands:

    
    
        
    
    DD_SITE="datadoghq.comus3.datadoghq.comus5.datadoghq.comdatadoghq.euap1.datadoghq.comddog-gov.com" DD_API_KEY="<API-KEY>" DD_APP_KEY="<APP-KEY>" java "Example.java"

#####  Delete a tag configuration

    
    
    // Delete a tag configuration returns "No Content" response
    use datadog_api_client::datadog;
    use datadog_api_client::datadogV2::api_metrics::MetricsAPI;
    
    #[tokio::main]
    async fn main() {
        let configuration = datadog::Configuration::new();
        let api = MetricsAPI::with_config(configuration);
        let resp = api
            .delete_tag_configuration("ExampleMetric".to_string())
            .await;
        if let Ok(value) = resp {
            println!("{:#?}", value);
        } else {
            println!("{:#?}", resp.unwrap_err());
        }
    }
    

#### Instructions

First [install the library and its
dependencies](https://docs.datadoghq.com/api/latest/?code-lang=rust) and then
save the example to `src/main.rs` and run following commands:

    
    
        
    
    DD_SITE="datadoghq.comus3.datadoghq.comus5.datadoghq.comdatadoghq.euap1.datadoghq.comddog-gov.com" DD_API_KEY="<API-KEY>" DD_APP_KEY="<APP-KEY>" cargo run

#####  Delete a tag configuration

    
    
    /**
     * Delete a tag configuration returns "No Content" response
     */
    
    import { client, v2 } from "@datadog/datadog-api-client";
    
    const configuration = client.createConfiguration();
    const apiInstance = new v2.MetricsApi(configuration);
    
    const params: v2.MetricsApiDeleteTagConfigurationRequest = {
      metricName: "ExampleMetric",
    };
    
    apiInstance
      .deleteTagConfiguration(params)
      .then((data: any) => {
        console.log(
          "API called successfully. Returned data: " + JSON.stringify(data)
        );
      })
      .catch((error: any) => console.error(error));
    

#### Instructions

First [install the library and its
dependencies](https://docs.datadoghq.com/api/latest/?code-lang=typescript) and
then save the example to `example.ts` and run following commands:

    
    
        
    
    DD_SITE="datadoghq.comus3.datadoghq.comus5.datadoghq.comdatadoghq.euap1.datadoghq.comddog-gov.com" DD_API_KEY="<API-KEY>" DD_APP_KEY="<APP-KEY>" tsc "example.ts"

* * *

## Search metrics

  * v1 (latest)

GET
https://api.ap1.datadoghq.com/api/v1/searchhttps://api.datadoghq.eu/api/v1/searchhttps://api.ddog-
gov.com/api/v1/searchhttps://api.datadoghq.com/api/v1/searchhttps://api.us3.datadoghq.com/api/v1/searchhttps://api.us5.datadoghq.com/api/v1/search

### Overview

Search for metrics from the last 24 hours in Datadog.

### Arguments

#### Query Strings

Name

Type

Description

q [_required_]

string

Query string to search metrics upon. Can optionally be prefixed with
`metrics:`.

### Response

  * 200
  * 400
  * 403
  * 429

OK

  * Model
  * Example

Object containing the list of metrics matching the search query.

Expand All

Field

Type

Description

results

object

Search result.

metrics

[string]

List of metrics that match the search query.

    
    
    {
      "results": {
        "metrics": []
      }
    }

Bad Request

  * Model
  * Example

Error response object.

Expand All

Field

Type

Description

errors [_required_]

[string]

Array of errors returned by the API.

    
    
    {
      "errors": [
        "Bad Request"
      ]
    }

Forbidden

  * Model
  * Example

Error response object.

Expand All

Field

Type

Description

errors [_required_]

[string]

Array of errors returned by the API.

    
    
    {
      "errors": [
        "Bad Request"
      ]
    }

Too many requests

  * Model
  * Example

Error response object.

Expand All

Field

Type

Description

errors [_required_]

[string]

Array of errors returned by the API.

    
    
    {
      "errors": [
        "Bad Request"
      ]
    }

### Code Example

  * [Curl](?code-lang=curl#)
  * [Python](?code-lang=python#)
  * [Ruby](?code-lang=ruby#)
  * [Go](?code-lang=go#)
  * [Java](?code-lang=java#)
  * [Rust](?code-lang=rust#)
  * [Typescript](?code-lang=typescript#)
  * [Ruby [legacy]](?code-lang=ruby-legacy#)

#####  Search metrics

Copy

    
    
                      # Required query arguments  
    export q="CHANGE_ME"  
    # Curl command  
    curl -X GET "https://api.ap1.datadoghq.com"https://api.datadoghq.eu"https://api.ddog-gov.com"https://api.datadoghq.com"https://api.us3.datadoghq.com"https://api.us5.datadoghq.com/api/v1/search?q=${q}" \
    -H "Accept: application/json" \
    -H "DD-API-KEY: ${DD_API_KEY}" \
    -H "DD-APPLICATION-KEY: ${DD_APP_KEY}"  
    
                    

#####  Search metrics

    
    
    """
    Search metrics returns "OK" response
    """
    
    from datadog_api_client import ApiClient, Configuration
    from datadog_api_client.v1.api.metrics_api import MetricsApi
    
    configuration = Configuration()
    with ApiClient(configuration) as api_client:
        api_instance = MetricsApi(api_client)
        response = api_instance.list_metrics(
            q="q",
        )
    
        print(response)
    

#### Instructions

First [install the library and its
dependencies](https://docs.datadoghq.com/api/latest/?code-lang=python) and
then save the example to `example.py` and run following commands:

    
    
        
    
    DD_SITE="datadoghq.comus3.datadoghq.comus5.datadoghq.comdatadoghq.euap1.datadoghq.comddog-gov.com" DD_API_KEY="<DD_API_KEY>" DD_APP_KEY="<DD_APP_KEY>" python3 "example.py"

#####  Search metrics

    
    
    # Search metrics returns "OK" response
    
    require "datadog_api_client"
    api_instance = DatadogAPIClient::V1::MetricsAPI.new
    p api_instance.list_metrics("q")
    

#### Instructions

First [install the library and its
dependencies](https://docs.datadoghq.com/api/latest/?code-lang=ruby) and then
save the example to `example.rb` and run following commands:

    
    
        
    
    DD_SITE="datadoghq.comus3.datadoghq.comus5.datadoghq.comdatadoghq.euap1.datadoghq.comddog-gov.com" DD_API_KEY="<DD_API_KEY>" DD_APP_KEY="<DD_APP_KEY>" rb "example.rb"

#####  Search metrics

    
    
    require 'rubygems'
    require 'dogapi'
    
    api_key = '<DATADOG_API_KEY>'
    app_key = '<DATADOG_APPLICATION_KEY>'
    
    dog = Dogapi::Client.new(api_key, app_key)
    
    dog.search("metrics:test")
    

#### Instructions

First [install the library and its
dependencies](https://docs.datadoghq.com/api/latest/?code-lang=ruby-legacy)
and then save the example to `example.rb` and run following commands:

    
    
        
    
    DD_SITE="datadoghq.comus3.datadoghq.comus5.datadoghq.comdatadoghq.euap1.datadoghq.comddog-gov.com" DD_API_KEY="<DD_API_KEY>" DD_APP_KEY="<DD_APP_KEY>" rb "example.rb"

#####  Search metrics

    
    
    // Search metrics returns "OK" response
    
    package main
    
    import (
    	"context"
    	"encoding/json"
    	"fmt"
    	"os"
    
    	"github.com/DataDog/datadog-api-client-go/v2/api/datadog"
    	"github.com/DataDog/datadog-api-client-go/v2/api/datadogV1"
    )
    
    func main() {
    	ctx := datadog.NewDefaultContext(context.Background())
    	configuration := datadog.NewConfiguration()
    	apiClient := datadog.NewAPIClient(configuration)
    	api := datadogV1.NewMetricsApi(apiClient)
    	resp, r, err := api.ListMetrics(ctx, "q")
    
    	if err != nil {
    		fmt.Fprintf(os.Stderr, "Error when calling `MetricsApi.ListMetrics`: %v\n", err)
    		fmt.Fprintf(os.Stderr, "Full HTTP response: %v\n", r)
    	}
    
    	responseContent, _ := json.MarshalIndent(resp, "", "  ")
    	fmt.Fprintf(os.Stdout, "Response from `MetricsApi.ListMetrics`:\n%s\n", responseContent)
    }
    

#### Instructions

First [install the library and its
dependencies](https://docs.datadoghq.com/api/latest/?code-lang=go) and then
save the example to `main.go` and run following commands:

    
    
        
    
    DD_SITE="datadoghq.comus3.datadoghq.comus5.datadoghq.comdatadoghq.euap1.datadoghq.comddog-gov.com" DD_API_KEY="<DD_API_KEY>" DD_APP_KEY="<DD_APP_KEY>" go run "main.go"

#####  Search metrics

    
    
    // Search metrics returns "OK" response
    
    import com.datadog.api.client.ApiClient;
    import com.datadog.api.client.ApiException;
    import com.datadog.api.client.v1.api.MetricsApi;
    import com.datadog.api.client.v1.model.MetricSearchResponse;
    
    public class Example {
      public static void main(String[] args) {
        ApiClient defaultClient = ApiClient.getDefaultApiClient();
        MetricsApi apiInstance = new MetricsApi(defaultClient);
    
        try {
          MetricSearchResponse result = apiInstance.listMetrics("q");
          System.out.println(result);
        } catch (ApiException e) {
          System.err.println("Exception when calling MetricsApi#listMetrics");
          System.err.println("Status code: " + e.getCode());
          System.err.println("Reason: " + e.getResponseBody());
          System.err.println("Response headers: " + e.getResponseHeaders());
          e.printStackTrace();
        }
      }
    }
    

#### Instructions

First [install the library and its
dependencies](https://docs.datadoghq.com/api/latest/?code-lang=java) and then
save the example to `Example.java` and run following commands:

    
    
        
    
    DD_SITE="datadoghq.comus3.datadoghq.comus5.datadoghq.comdatadoghq.euap1.datadoghq.comddog-gov.com" DD_API_KEY="<DD_API_KEY>" DD_APP_KEY="<DD_APP_KEY>" java "Example.java"

#####  Search metrics

    
    
    // Search metrics returns "OK" response
    use datadog_api_client::datadog;
    use datadog_api_client::datadogV1::api_metrics::MetricsAPI;
    
    #[tokio::main]
    async fn main() {
        let configuration = datadog::Configuration::new();
        let api = MetricsAPI::with_config(configuration);
        let resp = api.list_metrics("q".to_string()).await;
        if let Ok(value) = resp {
            println!("{:#?}", value);
        } else {
            println!("{:#?}", resp.unwrap_err());
        }
    }
    

#### Instructions

First [install the library and its
dependencies](https://docs.datadoghq.com/api/latest/?code-lang=rust) and then
save the example to `src/main.rs` and run following commands:

    
    
        
    
    DD_SITE="datadoghq.comus3.datadoghq.comus5.datadoghq.comdatadoghq.euap1.datadoghq.comddog-gov.com" DD_API_KEY="<DD_API_KEY>" DD_APP_KEY="<DD_APP_KEY>" cargo run

#####  Search metrics

    
    
    /**
     * Search metrics returns "OK" response
     */
    
    import { client, v1 } from "@datadog/datadog-api-client";
    
    const configuration = client.createConfiguration();
    const apiInstance = new v1.MetricsApi(configuration);
    
    const params: v1.MetricsApiListMetricsRequest = {
      q: "q",
    };
    
    apiInstance
      .listMetrics(params)
      .then((data: v1.MetricSearchResponse) => {
        console.log(
          "API called successfully. Returned data: " + JSON.stringify(data)
        );
      })
      .catch((error: any) => console.error(error));
    

#### Instructions

First [install the library and its
dependencies](https://docs.datadoghq.com/api/latest/?code-lang=typescript) and
then save the example to `example.ts` and run following commands:

    
    
        
    
    DD_SITE="datadoghq.comus3.datadoghq.comus5.datadoghq.comdatadoghq.euap1.datadoghq.comddog-gov.com" DD_API_KEY="<DD_API_KEY>" DD_APP_KEY="<DD_APP_KEY>" tsc "example.ts"

* * *

## Get a list of metrics

  * v2 (latest)

GET
https://api.ap1.datadoghq.com/api/v2/metricshttps://api.datadoghq.eu/api/v2/metricshttps://api.ddog-
gov.com/api/v2/metricshttps://api.datadoghq.com/api/v2/metricshttps://api.us3.datadoghq.com/api/v2/metricshttps://api.us5.datadoghq.com/api/v2/metrics

### Overview

Returns all metrics that can be configured in the Metrics Summary page or with
Metrics without Limits™ (matching additional filters if specified).
Optionally, paginate by using the `page[cursor]` and/or `page[size]` query
parameters. To fetch the first page, pass in a query parameter with either a
valid `page[size]` or an empty cursor like `page[cursor]=`. To fetch the next
page, pass in the `next_cursor` value from the response as the new
`page[cursor]` value. Once the `meta.pagination.next_cursor` value is null,
all pages have been retrieved. This endpoint requires the `metrics_read`
permission.

OAuth apps require the `metrics_read` authorization
[scope](https://docs.datadoghq.com/api/latest/scopes/#metrics) to access this
endpoint.

### Arguments

#### Query Strings

Name

Type

Description

filter[configured]

boolean

Filter custom metrics that have configured tags.

filter[tags_configured]

string

Filter tag configurations by configured tags.

filter[metric_type]

enum

Filter metrics by metric type.  
Allowed enum values: `non_distribution, distribution`

filter[include_percentiles]

boolean

Filter distributions with additional percentile aggregations enabled or
disabled.

filter[queried]

boolean

(Preview) Filter custom metrics that have or have not been queried in the
specified window[seconds]. If no window is provided or the window is less than
2 hours, a default of 2 hours will be applied.

filter[tags]

string

Filter metrics that have been submitted with the given tags. Supports boolean
and wildcard expressions. Can only be combined with the filter[queried]
filter.

filter[related_assets]

boolean

(Preview) Filter metrics that are used in dashboards, monitors, notebooks,
SLOs.

window[seconds]

integer

The number of seconds of look back (from now) to apply to a filter[tag] or
filter[queried] query. Default value is 3600 (1 hour), maximum value is
2,592,000 (30 days).

page[size]

integer

Maximum number of results returned.

page[cursor]

string

String to query the next page of results. This key is provided with each valid
response from the API in `meta.pagination.next_cursor`. Once the
`meta.pagination.next_cursor` key is null, all pages have been retrieved.

### Response

  * 200
  * 400
  * 403
  * 429

Success

  * Model
  * Example

Response object that includes metrics and metric tag configurations.

Expand All

Field

Type

Description

data

[ <oneOf>]

Array of metrics and metric tag configurations.

Option 1

object

Object for a single metric tag configuration.

id

string

The metric name for this resource.

type

enum

The metric resource type. Allowed enum values: `metrics`

default: `metrics`

Option 2

object

Object for a single metric tag configuration.

attributes

object

Object containing the definition of a metric tag configuration attributes.

aggregations

[object]

A list of queryable aggregation combinations for a count, rate, or gauge
metric. By default, count and rate metrics require the (time: sum, space: sum)
aggregation and Gauge metrics require the (time: avg, space: avg) aggregation.
Additional time & space combinations are also available:

  * time: avg, space: avg
  * time: avg, space: max
  * time: avg, space: min
  * time: avg, space: sum
  * time: count, space: sum
  * time: max, space: max
  * time: min, space: min
  * time: sum, space: avg
  * time: sum, space: sum

Can only be applied to non_distribution metrics that have a `metric_type` of
`count`, `rate`, or `gauge`.

space [_required_]

enum

A space aggregation for use in query. Allowed enum values: `avg,max,min,sum`

time [_required_]

enum

A time aggregation for use in query. Allowed enum values:
`avg,count,max,min,sum`

created_at

date-time

Timestamp when the tag configuration was created.

exclude_tags_mode

boolean

When set to true, the configuration will exclude the configured tags and
include any other submitted tags. When set to false, the configuration will
include the configured tags and exclude any other submitted tags. Defaults to
false. Requires `tags` property.

include_percentiles

boolean

Toggle to include or exclude percentile aggregations for distribution metrics.
Only present when the `metric_type` is `distribution`.

metric_type

enum

The metric's type. Allowed enum values: `gauge,count,rate,distribution`

default: `gauge`

modified_at

date-time

Timestamp when the tag configuration was last modified.

tags

[string]

List of tag keys on which to group.

id

string

The metric name for this resource.

type

enum

The metric tag configuration resource type. Allowed enum values: `manage_tags`

default: `manage_tags`

links

object

Pagination links. Only present if pagination query parameters were provided.

first

string

Link to the first page.

last

string

Link to the last page.

next

string

Link to the next page.

prev

string

Link to previous page.

self

string

Link to current page.

meta

object

Response metadata object.

pagination

object

Paging attributes. Only present if pagination query parameters were provided.

cursor

string

The cursor used to get the current results, if any.

limit

int32

Number of results returned

next_cursor

string

The cursor used to get the next results, if any.

type

enum

Type of metric pagination. Allowed enum values: `cursor_limit`

default: `cursor_limit`

    
    
    {
      "data": [
        {
          "id": "test.metric.latency",
          "type": "metrics"
        }
      ],
      "links": {
        "first": "string",
        "last": "string",
        "next": "string",
        "prev": "string",
        "self": "string"
      },
      "meta": {
        "pagination": {
          "cursor": "string",
          "limit": "integer",
          "next_cursor": "string",
          "type": "cursor_limit"
        }
      }
    }

Bad Request

  * Model
  * Example

API error response.

Expand All

Field

Type

Description

errors [_required_]

[string]

A list of errors.

    
    
    {
      "errors": [
        "Bad Request"
      ]
    }

Forbidden

  * Model
  * Example

API error response.

Expand All

Field

Type

Description

errors [_required_]

[string]

A list of errors.

    
    
    {
      "errors": [
        "Bad Request"
      ]
    }

Too Many Requests

  * Model
  * Example

API error response.

Expand All

Field

Type

Description

errors [_required_]

[string]

A list of errors.

    
    
    {
      "errors": [
        "Bad Request"
      ]
    }

### Code Example

  * [Curl](?code-lang=curl#)
  * [Python](?code-lang=python#)
  * [Ruby](?code-lang=ruby#)
  * [Go](?code-lang=go#)
  * [Java](?code-lang=java#)
  * [Rust](?code-lang=rust#)
  * [Typescript](?code-lang=typescript#)

#####  Get a list of metrics

Copy

    
    
                      # Curl command  
    curl -X GET "https://api.ap1.datadoghq.com"https://api.datadoghq.eu"https://api.ddog-gov.com"https://api.datadoghq.com"https://api.us3.datadoghq.com"https://api.us5.datadoghq.com/api/v2/metrics" \
    -H "Accept: application/json" \
    -H "DD-API-KEY: ${DD_API_KEY}" \
    -H "DD-APPLICATION-KEY: ${DD_APP_KEY}"  
    
                    

#####  Get a list of metrics

    
    
    """
    Get a list of metrics returns "Success" response
    """
    
    from datadog_api_client import ApiClient, Configuration
    from datadog_api_client.v2.api.metrics_api import MetricsApi
    
    configuration = Configuration()
    with ApiClient(configuration) as api_client:
        api_instance = MetricsApi(api_client)
        response = api_instance.list_tag_configurations()
    
        print(response)
    

#### Instructions

First [install the library and its
dependencies](https://docs.datadoghq.com/api/latest/?code-lang=python) and
then save the example to `example.py` and run following commands:

    
    
        
    
    DD_SITE="datadoghq.comus3.datadoghq.comus5.datadoghq.comdatadoghq.euap1.datadoghq.comddog-gov.com" DD_API_KEY="<DD_API_KEY>" DD_APP_KEY="<DD_APP_KEY>" python3 "example.py"

#####  Get a list of metrics

    
    
    # Get a list of metrics returns "Success" response
    
    require "datadog_api_client"
    api_instance = DatadogAPIClient::V2::MetricsAPI.new
    p api_instance.list_tag_configurations()
    

#### Instructions

First [install the library and its
dependencies](https://docs.datadoghq.com/api/latest/?code-lang=ruby) and then
save the example to `example.rb` and run following commands:

    
    
        
    
    DD_SITE="datadoghq.comus3.datadoghq.comus5.datadoghq.comdatadoghq.euap1.datadoghq.comddog-gov.com" DD_API_KEY="<DD_API_KEY>" DD_APP_KEY="<DD_APP_KEY>" rb "example.rb"

#####  Get a list of metrics

    
    
    // Get a list of metrics returns "Success" response
    
    package main
    
    import (
    	"context"
    	"encoding/json"
    	"fmt"
    	"os"
    
    	"github.com/DataDog/datadog-api-client-go/v2/api/datadog"
    	"github.com/DataDog/datadog-api-client-go/v2/api/datadogV2"
    )
    
    func main() {
    	ctx := datadog.NewDefaultContext(context.Background())
    	configuration := datadog.NewConfiguration()
    	apiClient := datadog.NewAPIClient(configuration)
    	api := datadogV2.NewMetricsApi(apiClient)
    	resp, r, err := api.ListTagConfigurations(ctx, *datadogV2.NewListTagConfigurationsOptionalParameters())
    
    	if err != nil {
    		fmt.Fprintf(os.Stderr, "Error when calling `MetricsApi.ListTagConfigurations`: %v\n", err)
    		fmt.Fprintf(os.Stderr, "Full HTTP response: %v\n", r)
    	}
    
    	responseContent, _ := json.MarshalIndent(resp, "", "  ")
    	fmt.Fprintf(os.Stdout, "Response from `MetricsApi.ListTagConfigurations`:\n%s\n", responseContent)
    }
    

#### Instructions

First [install the library and its
dependencies](https://docs.datadoghq.com/api/latest/?code-lang=go) and then
save the example to `main.go` and run following commands:

    
    
        
    
    DD_SITE="datadoghq.comus3.datadoghq.comus5.datadoghq.comdatadoghq.euap1.datadoghq.comddog-gov.com" DD_API_KEY="<DD_API_KEY>" DD_APP_KEY="<DD_APP_KEY>" go run "main.go"

#####  Get a list of metrics

    
    
    // Get a list of metrics returns "Success" response
    
    import com.datadog.api.client.ApiClient;
    import com.datadog.api.client.ApiException;
    import com.datadog.api.client.v2.api.MetricsApi;
    import com.datadog.api.client.v2.model.MetricsAndMetricTagConfigurationsResponse;
    
    public class Example {
      public static void main(String[] args) {
        ApiClient defaultClient = ApiClient.getDefaultApiClient();
        MetricsApi apiInstance = new MetricsApi(defaultClient);
    
        try {
          MetricsAndMetricTagConfigurationsResponse result = apiInstance.listTagConfigurations();
          System.out.println(result);
        } catch (ApiException e) {
          System.err.println("Exception when calling MetricsApi#listTagConfigurations");
          System.err.println("Status code: " + e.getCode());
          System.err.println("Reason: " + e.getResponseBody());
          System.err.println("Response headers: " + e.getResponseHeaders());
          e.printStackTrace();
        }
      }
    }
    

#### Instructions

First [install the library and its
dependencies](https://docs.datadoghq.com/api/latest/?code-lang=java) and then
save the example to `Example.java` and run following commands:

    
    
        
    
    DD_SITE="datadoghq.comus3.datadoghq.comus5.datadoghq.comdatadoghq.euap1.datadoghq.comddog-gov.com" DD_API_KEY="<DD_API_KEY>" DD_APP_KEY="<DD_APP_KEY>" java "Example.java"

#####  Get a list of metrics

    
    
    // Get a list of metrics returns "Success" response
    use datadog_api_client::datadog;
    use datadog_api_client::datadogV2::api_metrics::ListTagConfigurationsOptionalParams;
    use datadog_api_client::datadogV2::api_metrics::MetricsAPI;
    
    #[tokio::main]
    async fn main() {
        let configuration = datadog::Configuration::new();
        let api = MetricsAPI::with_config(configuration);
        let resp = api
            .list_tag_configurations(ListTagConfigurationsOptionalParams::default())
            .await;
        if let Ok(value) = resp {
            println!("{:#?}", value);
        } else {
            println!("{:#?}", resp.unwrap_err());
        }
    }
    

#### Instructions

First [install the library and its
dependencies](https://docs.datadoghq.com/api/latest/?code-lang=rust) and then
save the example to `src/main.rs` and run following commands:

    
    
        
    
    DD_SITE="datadoghq.comus3.datadoghq.comus5.datadoghq.comdatadoghq.euap1.datadoghq.comddog-gov.com" DD_API_KEY="<DD_API_KEY>" DD_APP_KEY="<DD_APP_KEY>" cargo run

#####  Get a list of metrics

    
    
    /**
     * Get a list of metrics returns "Success" response
     */
    
    import { client, v2 } from "@datadog/datadog-api-client";
    
    const configuration = client.createConfiguration();
    const apiInstance = new v2.MetricsApi(configuration);
    
    apiInstance
      .listTagConfigurations()
      .then((data: v2.MetricsAndMetricTagConfigurationsResponse) => {
        console.log(
          "API called successfully. Returned data: " + JSON.stringify(data)
        );
      })
      .catch((error: any) => console.error(error));
    

#### Instructions

First [install the library and its
dependencies](https://docs.datadoghq.com/api/latest/?code-lang=typescript) and
then save the example to `example.ts` and run following commands:

    
    
        
    
    DD_SITE="datadoghq.comus3.datadoghq.comus5.datadoghq.comdatadoghq.euap1.datadoghq.comddog-gov.com" DD_API_KEY="<DD_API_KEY>" DD_APP_KEY="<DD_APP_KEY>" tsc "example.ts"

* * *

## Query timeseries points

  * v1 (latest)

GET
https://api.ap1.datadoghq.com/api/v1/queryhttps://api.datadoghq.eu/api/v1/queryhttps://api.ddog-
gov.com/api/v1/queryhttps://api.datadoghq.com/api/v1/queryhttps://api.us3.datadoghq.com/api/v1/queryhttps://api.us5.datadoghq.com/api/v1/query

### Overview

Query timeseries points. This endpoint requires the `timeseries_query`
permission.

OAuth apps require the `timeseries_query` authorization
[scope](https://docs.datadoghq.com/api/latest/scopes/#metrics) to access this
endpoint.

### Arguments

#### Query Strings

Name

Type

Description

from [_required_]

integer

Start of the queried time period, seconds since the Unix epoch.

to [_required_]

integer

End of the queried time period, seconds since the Unix epoch.

query [_required_]

string

Query string.

### Response

  * 200
  * 400
  * 403
  * 429

OK

  * Model
  * Example

Response Object that includes your query and the list of metrics retrieved.

Expand All

Field

Type

Description

error

string

Message indicating the errors if status is not `ok`.

from_date

int64

Start of requested time window, milliseconds since Unix epoch.

group_by

[string]

List of tag keys on which to group.

message

string

Message indicating `success` if status is `ok`.

query

string

Query string

res_type

string

Type of response.

series

[object]

List of timeseries queried.

aggr

string

Aggregation type.

display_name

string

Display name of the metric.

end

int64

End of the time window, milliseconds since Unix epoch.

expression

string

Metric expression.

interval

int64

Number of milliseconds between data samples.

length

int64

Number of data samples.

metric

string

Metric name.

pointlist

[array]

List of points of the timeseries in milliseconds.

query_index

int64

The index of the series' query within the request.

scope

string

Metric scope, comma separated list of tags.

start

int64

Start of the time window, milliseconds since Unix epoch.

tag_set

[string]

Unique tags identifying this series.

unit

[object]

Detailed information about the metric unit. The first element describes the
"primary unit" (for example, `bytes` in `bytes per second`). The second
element describes the "per unit" (for example, `second` in `bytes per
second`). If the second element is not present, the API returns null.

family

string

Unit family, allows for conversion between units of the same family, for
scaling.

name

string

Unit name

plural

string

Plural form of the unit name.

scale_factor

double

Factor for scaling between units of the same family.

short_name

string

Abbreviation of the unit.

status

string

Status of the query.

to_date

int64

End of requested time window, milliseconds since Unix epoch.

    
    
    {
      "error": "string",
      "from_date": "integer",
      "group_by": [],
      "message": "string",
      "query": "string",
      "res_type": "time_series",
      "series": [
        {
          "aggr": "avg",
          "display_name": "system.cpu.idle",
          "end": "integer",
          "expression": "system.cpu.idle{host:foo,env:test}",
          "interval": "integer",
          "length": "integer",
          "metric": "system.cpu.idle",
          "pointlist": [
            [
              1681683300000,
              77.62145685254418
            ]
          ],
          "query_index": "integer",
          "scope": "host:foo,env:test",
          "start": "integer",
          "tag_set": [],
          "unit": [
            {
              "family": "time",
              "name": "minute",
              "plural": "minutes",
              "scale_factor": 60,
              "short_name": "min"
            }
          ]
        }
      ],
      "status": "ok",
      "to_date": "integer"
    }

Bad Request

  * Model
  * Example

Error response object.

Expand All

Field

Type

Description

errors [_required_]

[string]

Array of errors returned by the API.

    
    
    {
      "errors": [
        "Bad Request"
      ]
    }

Forbidden

  * Model
  * Example

Error response object.

Expand All

Field

Type

Description

errors [_required_]

[string]

Array of errors returned by the API.

    
    
    {
      "errors": [
        "Bad Request"
      ]
    }

Too many requests

  * Model
  * Example

Error response object.

Expand All

Field

Type

Description

errors [_required_]

[string]

Array of errors returned by the API.

    
    
    {
      "errors": [
        "Bad Request"
      ]
    }

### Code Example

  * [Curl](?code-lang=curl#)
  * [Python](?code-lang=python#)
  * [Ruby](?code-lang=ruby#)
  * [Go](?code-lang=go#)
  * [Java](?code-lang=java#)
  * [Rust](?code-lang=rust#)
  * [Typescript](?code-lang=typescript#)
  * [Ruby [legacy]](?code-lang=ruby-legacy#)
  * [Python [legacy]](?code-lang=python-legacy#)

#####  Query timeseries points

Copy

    
    
                      # Required query arguments  
    export from="CHANGE_ME"  
    export to="CHANGE_ME"  
    export query="CHANGE_ME"  
    # Curl command  
    curl -X GET "https://api.ap1.datadoghq.com"https://api.datadoghq.eu"https://api.ddog-gov.com"https://api.datadoghq.com"https://api.us3.datadoghq.com"https://api.us5.datadoghq.com/api/v1/query?from=${from}&to=${to}&query=${query}" \
    -H "Accept: application/json" \
    -H "DD-API-KEY: ${DD_API_KEY}" \
    -H "DD-APPLICATION-KEY: ${DD_APP_KEY}"  
    
                    

#####  Query timeseries points

    
    
    """
    Query timeseries points returns "OK" response
    """
    
    from datetime import datetime
    from dateutil.relativedelta import relativedelta
    from datadog_api_client import ApiClient, Configuration
    from datadog_api_client.v1.api.metrics_api import MetricsApi
    
    configuration = Configuration()
    with ApiClient(configuration) as api_client:
        api_instance = MetricsApi(api_client)
        response = api_instance.query_metrics(
            _from=int((datetime.now() + relativedelta(days=-1)).timestamp()),
            to=int(datetime.now().timestamp()),
            query="system.cpu.idle{*}",
        )
    
        print(response)
    

#### Instructions

First [install the library and its
dependencies](https://docs.datadoghq.com/api/latest/?code-lang=python) and
then save the example to `example.py` and run following commands:

    
    
        
    
    DD_SITE="datadoghq.comus3.datadoghq.comus5.datadoghq.comdatadoghq.euap1.datadoghq.comddog-gov.com" DD_API_KEY="<DD_API_KEY>" DD_APP_KEY="<DD_APP_KEY>" python3 "example.py"

#####  Query timeseries points

    
    
    # Query timeseries points returns "OK" response
    
    require "datadog_api_client"
    api_instance = DatadogAPIClient::V1::MetricsAPI.new
    p api_instance.query_metrics((Time.now + -1 * 86400).to_i, Time.now.to_i, "system.cpu.idle{*}")
    

#### Instructions

First [install the library and its
dependencies](https://docs.datadoghq.com/api/latest/?code-lang=ruby) and then
save the example to `example.rb` and run following commands:

    
    
        
    
    DD_SITE="datadoghq.comus3.datadoghq.comus5.datadoghq.comdatadoghq.euap1.datadoghq.comddog-gov.com" DD_API_KEY="<DD_API_KEY>" DD_APP_KEY="<DD_APP_KEY>" rb "example.rb"

#####  Query timeseries points

    
    
    require 'rubygems'
    require 'dogapi'
    
    api_key = '<DATADOG_API_KEY>'
    app_key = '<DATADOG_APPLICATION_KEY>'
    
    dog = Dogapi::Client.new(api_key, app_key)
    
    # Get points from the last hour
    from = Time.now - 3600
    to = Time.now
    query = 'system.cpu.idle{*}by{host}'
    
    dog.get_points(query, from, to)

#### Instructions

First [install the library and its
dependencies](https://docs.datadoghq.com/api/latest/?code-lang=ruby-legacy)
and then save the example to `example.rb` and run following commands:

    
    
        
    
    DD_SITE="datadoghq.comus3.datadoghq.comus5.datadoghq.comdatadoghq.euap1.datadoghq.comddog-gov.com" DD_API_KEY="<DD_API_KEY>" DD_APP_KEY="<DD_APP_KEY>" rb "example.rb"

#####  Query timeseries points

    
    
    // Query timeseries points returns "OK" response
    
    package main
    
    import (
    	"context"
    	"encoding/json"
    	"fmt"
    	"os"
    	"time"
    
    	"github.com/DataDog/datadog-api-client-go/v2/api/datadog"
    	"github.com/DataDog/datadog-api-client-go/v2/api/datadogV1"
    )
    
    func main() {
    	ctx := datadog.NewDefaultContext(context.Background())
    	configuration := datadog.NewConfiguration()
    	apiClient := datadog.NewAPIClient(configuration)
    	api := datadogV1.NewMetricsApi(apiClient)
    	resp, r, err := api.QueryMetrics(ctx, time.Now().AddDate(0, 0, -1).Unix(), time.Now().Unix(), "system.cpu.idle{*}")
    
    	if err != nil {
    		fmt.Fprintf(os.Stderr, "Error when calling `MetricsApi.QueryMetrics`: %v\n", err)
    		fmt.Fprintf(os.Stderr, "Full HTTP response: %v\n", r)
    	}
    
    	responseContent, _ := json.MarshalIndent(resp, "", "  ")
    	fmt.Fprintf(os.Stdout, "Response from `MetricsApi.QueryMetrics`:\n%s\n", responseContent)
    }
    

#### Instructions

First [install the library and its
dependencies](https://docs.datadoghq.com/api/latest/?code-lang=go) and then
save the example to `main.go` and run following commands:

    
    
        
    
    DD_SITE="datadoghq.comus3.datadoghq.comus5.datadoghq.comdatadoghq.euap1.datadoghq.comddog-gov.com" DD_API_KEY="<DD_API_KEY>" DD_APP_KEY="<DD_APP_KEY>" go run "main.go"

#####  Query timeseries points

    
    
    // Query timeseries points returns "OK" response
    import com.datadog.api.client.ApiClient;
    import com.datadog.api.client.ApiException;
    import com.datadog.api.client.v1.api.MetricsApi;
    import com.datadog.api.client.v1.model.MetricsQueryResponse;
    import java.time.OffsetDateTime;
    
    public class Example {
      public static void main(String[] args) {
        ApiClient defaultClient = ApiClient.getDefaultApiClient();
        MetricsApi apiInstance = new MetricsApi(defaultClient);
    
        try {
          MetricsQueryResponse result =
              apiInstance.queryMetrics(
                  OffsetDateTime.now().plusDays(-1).toInstant().getEpochSecond(),
                  OffsetDateTime.now().toInstant().getEpochSecond(),
                  "system.cpu.idle{*}");
          System.out.println(result);
        } catch (ApiException e) {
          System.err.println("Exception when calling MetricsApi#queryMetrics");
          System.err.println("Status code: " + e.getCode());
          System.err.println("Reason: " + e.getResponseBody());
          System.err.println("Response headers: " + e.getResponseHeaders());
          e.printStackTrace();
        }
      }
    }
    

#### Instructions

First [install the library and its
dependencies](https://docs.datadoghq.com/api/latest/?code-lang=java) and then
save the example to `Example.java` and run following commands:

    
    
        
    
    DD_SITE="datadoghq.comus3.datadoghq.comus5.datadoghq.comdatadoghq.euap1.datadoghq.comddog-gov.com" DD_API_KEY="<DD_API_KEY>" DD_APP_KEY="<DD_APP_KEY>" java "Example.java"

#####  Query timeseries points

    
    
    from datadog import initialize, api
    import time
    
    options = {
        'api_key': '<DATADOG_API_KEY>',
        'app_key': '<DATADOG_APPLICATION_KEY>'
    }
    
    initialize(**options)
    
    now = int(time.time())
    
    query = 'system.cpu.idle{*}by{host}'
    print(api.Metric.query(start=now - 3600, end=now, query=query))
    

#### Instructions

First [install the library and its
dependencies](https://docs.datadoghq.com/api/latest/?code-lang=python-legacy)
and then save the example to `example.py` and run following commands:

    
    
        
    
    DD_SITE="datadoghq.comus3.datadoghq.comus5.datadoghq.comdatadoghq.euap1.datadoghq.comddog-gov.com" DD_API_KEY="<DD_API_KEY>" DD_APP_KEY="<DD_APP_KEY>" python "example.py"

#####  Query timeseries points

    
    
    // Query timeseries points returns "OK" response
    use datadog_api_client::datadog;
    use datadog_api_client::datadogV1::api_metrics::MetricsAPI;
    
    #[tokio::main]
    async fn main() {
        let configuration = datadog::Configuration::new();
        let api = MetricsAPI::with_config(configuration);
        let resp = api
            .query_metrics(1636542671, 1636629071, "system.cpu.idle{*}".to_string())
            .await;
        if let Ok(value) = resp {
            println!("{:#?}", value);
        } else {
            println!("{:#?}", resp.unwrap_err());
        }
    }
    

#### Instructions

First [install the library and its
dependencies](https://docs.datadoghq.com/api/latest/?code-lang=rust) and then
save the example to `src/main.rs` and run following commands:

    
    
        
    
    DD_SITE="datadoghq.comus3.datadoghq.comus5.datadoghq.comdatadoghq.euap1.datadoghq.comddog-gov.com" DD_API_KEY="<DD_API_KEY>" DD_APP_KEY="<DD_APP_KEY>" cargo run

#####  Query timeseries points

    
    
    /**
     * Query timeseries points returns "OK" response
     */
    
    import { client, v1 } from "@datadog/datadog-api-client";
    
    const configuration = client.createConfiguration();
    const apiInstance = new v1.MetricsApi(configuration);
    
    const params: v1.MetricsApiQueryMetricsRequest = {
      from: Math.round(
        new Date(new Date().getTime() + -1 * 86400 * 1000).getTime() / 1000
      ),
      to: Math.round(new Date().getTime() / 1000),
      query: "system.cpu.idle{*}",
    };
    
    apiInstance
      .queryMetrics(params)
      .then((data: v1.MetricsQueryResponse) => {
        console.log(
          "API called successfully. Returned data: " + JSON.stringify(data)
        );
      })
      .catch((error: any) => console.error(error));
    

#### Instructions

First [install the library and its
dependencies](https://docs.datadoghq.com/api/latest/?code-lang=typescript) and
then save the example to `example.ts` and run following commands:

    
    
        
    
    DD_SITE="datadoghq.comus3.datadoghq.comus5.datadoghq.comdatadoghq.euap1.datadoghq.comddog-gov.com" DD_API_KEY="<DD_API_KEY>" DD_APP_KEY="<DD_APP_KEY>" tsc "example.ts"

* * *

## List tags by metric name

  * v2 (latest)

GET https://api.ap1.datadoghq.com/api/v2/metrics/{metric_name}/all-
tagshttps://api.datadoghq.eu/api/v2/metrics/{metric_name}/all-
tagshttps://api.ddog-gov.com/api/v2/metrics/{metric_name}/all-
tagshttps://api.datadoghq.com/api/v2/metrics/{metric_name}/all-
tagshttps://api.us3.datadoghq.com/api/v2/metrics/{metric_name}/all-
tagshttps://api.us5.datadoghq.com/api/v2/metrics/{metric_name}/all-tags

### Overview

View indexed tag key-value pairs for a given metric name over the previous
hour. This endpoint requires the `metrics_read` permission.

OAuth apps require the `metrics_read` authorization
[scope](https://docs.datadoghq.com/api/latest/scopes/#metrics) to access this
endpoint.

### Arguments

#### Path Parameters

Name

Type

Description

metric_name [_required_]

string

The name of the metric.

### Response

  * 200
  * 400
  * 403
  * 404
  * 429

Success

  * Model
  * Example

Response object that includes a single metric’s indexed tags.

Expand All

Field

Type

Description

data

object

Object for a single metric's indexed tags.

attributes

object

Object containing the definition of a metric's tags.

tags

[string]

List of indexed tag value pairs.

id

string

The metric name for this resource.

type

enum

The metric resource type. Allowed enum values: `metrics`

default: `metrics`

    
    
    {
      "data": {
        "attributes": {
          "tags": [
            "sport:golf",
            "sport:football",
            "animal:dog"
          ]
        },
        "id": "test.metric.latency",
        "type": "metrics"
      }
    }

Bad Request

  * Model
  * Example

API error response.

Expand All

Field

Type

Description

errors [_required_]

[string]

A list of errors.

    
    
    {
      "errors": [
        "Bad Request"
      ]
    }

Forbidden

  * Model
  * Example

API error response.

Expand All

Field

Type

Description

errors [_required_]

[string]

A list of errors.

    
    
    {
      "errors": [
        "Bad Request"
      ]
    }

Not Found

  * Model
  * Example

API error response.

Expand All

Field

Type

Description

errors [_required_]

[string]

A list of errors.

    
    
    {
      "errors": [
        "Bad Request"
      ]
    }

Too Many Requests

  * Model
  * Example

API error response.

Expand All

Field

Type

Description

errors [_required_]

[string]

A list of errors.

    
    
    {
      "errors": [
        "Bad Request"
      ]
    }

### Code Example

  * [Curl](?code-lang=curl#)
  * [Python](?code-lang=python#)
  * [Ruby](?code-lang=ruby#)
  * [Go](?code-lang=go#)
  * [Java](?code-lang=java#)
  * [Rust](?code-lang=rust#)
  * [Typescript](?code-lang=typescript#)

#####  List tags by metric name

Copy

    
    
                      # Path parameters  
    export metric_name="dist.http.endpoint.request"  
    # Curl command  
    curl -X GET "https://api.ap1.datadoghq.com"https://api.datadoghq.eu"https://api.ddog-gov.com"https://api.datadoghq.com"https://api.us3.datadoghq.com"https://api.us5.datadoghq.com/api/v2/metrics/${metric_name}/all-tags" \
    -H "Accept: application/json" \
    -H "DD-API-KEY: ${DD_API_KEY}" \
    -H "DD-APPLICATION-KEY: ${DD_APP_KEY}"  
    
                    

#####  List tags by metric name

    
    
    """
    List tags by metric name returns "Success" response
    """
    
    from os import environ
    from datadog_api_client import ApiClient, Configuration
    from datadog_api_client.v2.api.metrics_api import MetricsApi
    
    # there is a valid "metric_tag_configuration" in the system
    METRIC_TAG_CONFIGURATION_DATA_ID = environ["METRIC_TAG_CONFIGURATION_DATA_ID"]
    
    configuration = Configuration()
    with ApiClient(configuration) as api_client:
        api_instance = MetricsApi(api_client)
        response = api_instance.list_tags_by_metric_name(
            metric_name=METRIC_TAG_CONFIGURATION_DATA_ID,
        )
    
        print(response)
    

#### Instructions

First [install the library and its
dependencies](https://docs.datadoghq.com/api/latest/?code-lang=python) and
then save the example to `example.py` and run following commands:

    
    
        
    
    DD_SITE="datadoghq.comus3.datadoghq.comus5.datadoghq.comdatadoghq.euap1.datadoghq.comddog-gov.com" DD_API_KEY="<DD_API_KEY>" DD_APP_KEY="<DD_APP_KEY>" python3 "example.py"

#####  List tags by metric name

    
    
    # List tags by metric name returns "Success" response
    
    require "datadog_api_client"
    api_instance = DatadogAPIClient::V2::MetricsAPI.new
    
    # there is a valid "metric_tag_configuration" in the system
    METRIC_TAG_CONFIGURATION_DATA_ID = ENV["METRIC_TAG_CONFIGURATION_DATA_ID"]
    p api_instance.list_tags_by_metric_name(METRIC_TAG_CONFIGURATION_DATA_ID)
    

#### Instructions

First [install the library and its
dependencies](https://docs.datadoghq.com/api/latest/?code-lang=ruby) and then
save the example to `example.rb` and run following commands:

    
    
        
    
    DD_SITE="datadoghq.comus3.datadoghq.comus5.datadoghq.comdatadoghq.euap1.datadoghq.comddog-gov.com" DD_API_KEY="<DD_API_KEY>" DD_APP_KEY="<DD_APP_KEY>" rb "example.rb"

#####  List tags by metric name

    
    
    // List tags by metric name returns "Success" response
    
    package main
    
    import (
    	"context"
    	"encoding/json"
    	"fmt"
    	"os"
    
    	"github.com/DataDog/datadog-api-client-go/v2/api/datadog"
    	"github.com/DataDog/datadog-api-client-go/v2/api/datadogV2"
    )
    
    func main() {
    	// there is a valid "metric_tag_configuration" in the system
    	MetricTagConfigurationDataID := os.Getenv("METRIC_TAG_CONFIGURATION_DATA_ID")
    
    	ctx := datadog.NewDefaultContext(context.Background())
    	configuration := datadog.NewConfiguration()
    	apiClient := datadog.NewAPIClient(configuration)
    	api := datadogV2.NewMetricsApi(apiClient)
    	resp, r, err := api.ListTagsByMetricName(ctx, MetricTagConfigurationDataID)
    
    	if err != nil {
    		fmt.Fprintf(os.Stderr, "Error when calling `MetricsApi.ListTagsByMetricName`: %v\n", err)
    		fmt.Fprintf(os.Stderr, "Full HTTP response: %v\n", r)
    	}
    
    	responseContent, _ := json.MarshalIndent(resp, "", "  ")
    	fmt.Fprintf(os.Stdout, "Response from `MetricsApi.ListTagsByMetricName`:\n%s\n", responseContent)
    }
    

#### Instructions

First [install the library and its
dependencies](https://docs.datadoghq.com/api/latest/?code-lang=go) and then
save the example to `main.go` and run following commands:

    
    
        
    
    DD_SITE="datadoghq.comus3.datadoghq.comus5.datadoghq.comdatadoghq.euap1.datadoghq.comddog-gov.com" DD_API_KEY="<DD_API_KEY>" DD_APP_KEY="<DD_APP_KEY>" go run "main.go"

#####  List tags by metric name

    
    
    // List tags by metric name returns "Success" response
    
    import com.datadog.api.client.ApiClient;
    import com.datadog.api.client.ApiException;
    import com.datadog.api.client.v2.api.MetricsApi;
    import com.datadog.api.client.v2.model.MetricAllTagsResponse;
    
    public class Example {
      public static void main(String[] args) {
        ApiClient defaultClient = ApiClient.getDefaultApiClient();
        MetricsApi apiInstance = new MetricsApi(defaultClient);
    
        // there is a valid "metric_tag_configuration" in the system
        String METRIC_TAG_CONFIGURATION_DATA_ID = System.getenv("METRIC_TAG_CONFIGURATION_DATA_ID");
    
        try {
          MetricAllTagsResponse result =
              apiInstance.listTagsByMetricName(METRIC_TAG_CONFIGURATION_DATA_ID);
          System.out.println(result);
        } catch (ApiException e) {
          System.err.println("Exception when calling MetricsApi#listTagsByMetricName");
          System.err.println("Status code: " + e.getCode());
          System.err.println("Reason: " + e.getResponseBody());
          System.err.println("Response headers: " + e.getResponseHeaders());
          e.printStackTrace();
        }
      }
    }
    

#### Instructions

First [install the library and its
dependencies](https://docs.datadoghq.com/api/latest/?code-lang=java) and then
save the example to `Example.java` and run following commands:

    
    
        
    
    DD_SITE="datadoghq.comus3.datadoghq.comus5.datadoghq.comdatadoghq.euap1.datadoghq.comddog-gov.com" DD_API_KEY="<DD_API_KEY>" DD_APP_KEY="<DD_APP_KEY>" java "Example.java"

#####  List tags by metric name

    
    
    // List tags by metric name returns "Success" response
    use datadog_api_client::datadog;
    use datadog_api_client::datadogV2::api_metrics::MetricsAPI;
    
    #[tokio::main]
    async fn main() {
        // there is a valid "metric_tag_configuration" in the system
        let metric_tag_configuration_data_id =
            std::env::var("METRIC_TAG_CONFIGURATION_DATA_ID").unwrap();
        let configuration = datadog::Configuration::new();
        let api = MetricsAPI::with_config(configuration);
        let resp = api
            .list_tags_by_metric_name(metric_tag_configuration_data_id.clone())
            .await;
        if let Ok(value) = resp {
            println!("{:#?}", value);
        } else {
            println!("{:#?}", resp.unwrap_err());
        }
    }
    

#### Instructions

First [install the library and its
dependencies](https://docs.datadoghq.com/api/latest/?code-lang=rust) and then
save the example to `src/main.rs` and run following commands:

    
    
        
    
    DD_SITE="datadoghq.comus3.datadoghq.comus5.datadoghq.comdatadoghq.euap1.datadoghq.comddog-gov.com" DD_API_KEY="<DD_API_KEY>" DD_APP_KEY="<DD_APP_KEY>" cargo run

#####  List tags by metric name

    
    
    /**
     * List tags by metric name returns "Success" response
     */
    
    import { client, v2 } from "@datadog/datadog-api-client";
    
    const configuration = client.createConfiguration();
    const apiInstance = new v2.MetricsApi(configuration);
    
    // there is a valid "metric_tag_configuration" in the system
    const METRIC_TAG_CONFIGURATION_DATA_ID = process.env
      .METRIC_TAG_CONFIGURATION_DATA_ID as string;
    
    const params: v2.MetricsApiListTagsByMetricNameRequest = {
      metricName: METRIC_TAG_CONFIGURATION_DATA_ID,
    };
    
    apiInstance
      .listTagsByMetricName(params)
      .then((data: v2.MetricAllTagsResponse) => {
        console.log(
          "API called successfully. Returned data: " + JSON.stringify(data)
        );
      })
      .catch((error: any) => console.error(error));
    

#### Instructions

First [install the library and its
dependencies](https://docs.datadoghq.com/api/latest/?code-lang=typescript) and
then save the example to `example.ts` and run following commands:

    
    
        
    
    DD_SITE="datadoghq.comus3.datadoghq.comus5.datadoghq.comdatadoghq.euap1.datadoghq.comddog-gov.com" DD_API_KEY="<DD_API_KEY>" DD_APP_KEY="<DD_APP_KEY>" tsc "example.ts"

* * *

## List active tags and aggregations

  * v2 (latest)

GET https://api.ap1.datadoghq.com/api/v2/metrics/{metric_name}/active-
configurationshttps://api.datadoghq.eu/api/v2/metrics/{metric_name}/active-
configurationshttps://api.ddog-gov.com/api/v2/metrics/{metric_name}/active-
configurationshttps://api.datadoghq.com/api/v2/metrics/{metric_name}/active-
configurationshttps://api.us3.datadoghq.com/api/v2/metrics/{metric_name}/active-
configurationshttps://api.us5.datadoghq.com/api/v2/metrics/{metric_name}/active-
configurations

### Overview

List tags and aggregations that are actively queried on dashboards, notebooks,
monitors, the Metrics Explorer, and using the API for a given metric name.
This endpoint requires the `metrics_read` permission.

### Arguments

#### Path Parameters

Name

Type

Description

metric_name [_required_]

string

The name of the metric.

#### Query Strings

Name

Type

Description

window[seconds]

integer

The number of seconds of look back (from now). Default value is 604,800 (1
week), minimum value is 7200 (2 hours), maximum value is 2,630,000 (1 month).

### Response

  * 200
  * 400
  * 403
  * 404
  * 429

Success

  * Model
  * Example

Response object that includes a single metric’s actively queried tags and
aggregations.

Expand All

Field

Type

Description

data

object

Object for a single metric's actively queried tags and aggregations.

attributes

object

Object containing the definition of a metric's actively queried tags and
aggregations.

active_aggregations

[object]

List of aggregation combinations that have been actively queried.

space [_required_]

enum

A space aggregation for use in query. Allowed enum values: `avg,max,min,sum`

time [_required_]

enum

A time aggregation for use in query. Allowed enum values:
`avg,count,max,min,sum`

active_tags

[string]

List of tag keys that have been actively queried.

id

string

The metric name for this resource.

type

enum

The metric actively queried configuration resource type. Allowed enum values:
`actively_queried_configurations`

default: `actively_queried_configurations`

    
    
    {
      "data": {
        "attributes": {
          "active_aggregations": [
            {
              "space": "sum",
              "time": "sum"
            }
          ],
          "active_tags": [
            "app",
            "datacenter"
          ]
        },
        "id": "test.metric.latency",
        "type": "actively_queried_configurations"
      }
    }

Bad Request

  * Model
  * Example

API error response.

Expand All

Field

Type

Description

errors [_required_]

[string]

A list of errors.

    
    
    {
      "errors": [
        "Bad Request"
      ]
    }

Forbidden

  * Model
  * Example

API error response.

Expand All

Field

Type

Description

errors [_required_]

[string]

A list of errors.

    
    
    {
      "errors": [
        "Bad Request"
      ]
    }

Not Found

  * Model
  * Example

API error response.

Expand All

Field

Type

Description

errors [_required_]

[string]

A list of errors.

    
    
    {
      "errors": [
        "Bad Request"
      ]
    }

Too Many Requests

  * Model
  * Example

API error response.

Expand All

Field

Type

Description

errors [_required_]

[string]

A list of errors.

    
    
    {
      "errors": [
        "Bad Request"
      ]
    }

### Code Example

  * [Curl](?code-lang=curl#)
  * [Python](?code-lang=python#)
  * [Ruby](?code-lang=ruby#)
  * [Go](?code-lang=go#)
  * [Java](?code-lang=java#)
  * [Rust](?code-lang=rust#)
  * [Typescript](?code-lang=typescript#)

#####  List active tags and aggregations

Copy

    
    
                      # Path parameters  
    export metric_name="dist.http.endpoint.request"  
    # Curl command  
    curl -X GET "https://api.ap1.datadoghq.com"https://api.datadoghq.eu"https://api.ddog-gov.com"https://api.datadoghq.com"https://api.us3.datadoghq.com"https://api.us5.datadoghq.com/api/v2/metrics/${metric_name}/active-configurations" \
    -H "Accept: application/json" \
    -H "DD-API-KEY: ${DD_API_KEY}" \
    -H "DD-APPLICATION-KEY: ${DD_APP_KEY}"  
    
                    

#####  List active tags and aggregations

    
    
    """
    List active tags and aggregations returns "Success" response
    """
    
    from datadog_api_client import ApiClient, Configuration
    from datadog_api_client.v2.api.metrics_api import MetricsApi
    
    configuration = Configuration()
    with ApiClient(configuration) as api_client:
        api_instance = MetricsApi(api_client)
        response = api_instance.list_active_metric_configurations(
            metric_name="static_test_metric_donotdelete",
        )
    
        print(response)
    

#### Instructions

First [install the library and its
dependencies](https://docs.datadoghq.com/api/latest/?code-lang=python) and
then save the example to `example.py` and run following commands:

    
    
        
    
    DD_SITE="datadoghq.comus3.datadoghq.comus5.datadoghq.comdatadoghq.euap1.datadoghq.comddog-gov.com" DD_API_KEY="<API-KEY>" DD_APP_KEY="<APP-KEY>" python3 "example.py"

#####  List active tags and aggregations

    
    
    # List active tags and aggregations returns "Success" response
    
    require "datadog_api_client"
    api_instance = DatadogAPIClient::V2::MetricsAPI.new
    p api_instance.list_active_metric_configurations("static_test_metric_donotdelete")
    

#### Instructions

First [install the library and its
dependencies](https://docs.datadoghq.com/api/latest/?code-lang=ruby) and then
save the example to `example.rb` and run following commands:

    
    
        
    
    DD_SITE="datadoghq.comus3.datadoghq.comus5.datadoghq.comdatadoghq.euap1.datadoghq.comddog-gov.com" DD_API_KEY="<API-KEY>" DD_APP_KEY="<APP-KEY>" rb "example.rb"

#####  List active tags and aggregations

    
    
    // List active tags and aggregations returns "Success" response
    
    package main
    
    import (
    	"context"
    	"encoding/json"
    	"fmt"
    	"os"
    
    	"github.com/DataDog/datadog-api-client-go/v2/api/datadog"
    	"github.com/DataDog/datadog-api-client-go/v2/api/datadogV2"
    )
    
    func main() {
    	ctx := datadog.NewDefaultContext(context.Background())
    	configuration := datadog.NewConfiguration()
    	apiClient := datadog.NewAPIClient(configuration)
    	api := datadogV2.NewMetricsApi(apiClient)
    	resp, r, err := api.ListActiveMetricConfigurations(ctx, "static_test_metric_donotdelete", *datadogV2.NewListActiveMetricConfigurationsOptionalParameters())
    
    	if err != nil {
    		fmt.Fprintf(os.Stderr, "Error when calling `MetricsApi.ListActiveMetricConfigurations`: %v\n", err)
    		fmt.Fprintf(os.Stderr, "Full HTTP response: %v\n", r)
    	}
    
    	responseContent, _ := json.MarshalIndent(resp, "", "  ")
    	fmt.Fprintf(os.Stdout, "Response from `MetricsApi.ListActiveMetricConfigurations`:\n%s\n", responseContent)
    }
    

#### Instructions

First [install the library and its
dependencies](https://docs.datadoghq.com/api/latest/?code-lang=go) and then
save the example to `main.go` and run following commands:

    
    
        
    
    DD_SITE="datadoghq.comus3.datadoghq.comus5.datadoghq.comdatadoghq.euap1.datadoghq.comddog-gov.com" DD_API_KEY="<API-KEY>" DD_APP_KEY="<APP-KEY>" go run "main.go"

#####  List active tags and aggregations

    
    
    // List active tags and aggregations returns "Success" response
    
    import com.datadog.api.client.ApiClient;
    import com.datadog.api.client.ApiException;
    import com.datadog.api.client.v2.api.MetricsApi;
    import com.datadog.api.client.v2.model.MetricSuggestedTagsAndAggregationsResponse;
    
    public class Example {
      public static void main(String[] args) {
        ApiClient defaultClient = ApiClient.getDefaultApiClient();
        MetricsApi apiInstance = new MetricsApi(defaultClient);
    
        try {
          MetricSuggestedTagsAndAggregationsResponse result =
              apiInstance.listActiveMetricConfigurations("static_test_metric_donotdelete");
          System.out.println(result);
        } catch (ApiException e) {
          System.err.println("Exception when calling MetricsApi#listActiveMetricConfigurations");
          System.err.println("Status code: " + e.getCode());
          System.err.println("Reason: " + e.getResponseBody());
          System.err.println("Response headers: " + e.getResponseHeaders());
          e.printStackTrace();
        }
      }
    }
    

#### Instructions

First [install the library and its
dependencies](https://docs.datadoghq.com/api/latest/?code-lang=java) and then
save the example to `Example.java` and run following commands:

    
    
        
    
    DD_SITE="datadoghq.comus3.datadoghq.comus5.datadoghq.comdatadoghq.euap1.datadoghq.comddog-gov.com" DD_API_KEY="<API-KEY>" DD_APP_KEY="<APP-KEY>" java "Example.java"

#####  List active tags and aggregations

    
    
    // List active tags and aggregations returns "Success" response
    use datadog_api_client::datadog;
    use datadog_api_client::datadogV2::api_metrics::ListActiveMetricConfigurationsOptionalParams;
    use datadog_api_client::datadogV2::api_metrics::MetricsAPI;
    
    #[tokio::main]
    async fn main() {
        let configuration = datadog::Configuration::new();
        let api = MetricsAPI::with_config(configuration);
        let resp = api
            .list_active_metric_configurations(
                "static_test_metric_donotdelete".to_string(),
                ListActiveMetricConfigurationsOptionalParams::default(),
            )
            .await;
        if let Ok(value) = resp {
            println!("{:#?}", value);
        } else {
            println!("{:#?}", resp.unwrap_err());
        }
    }
    

#### Instructions

First [install the library and its
dependencies](https://docs.datadoghq.com/api/latest/?code-lang=rust) and then
save the example to `src/main.rs` and run following commands:

    
    
        
    
    DD_SITE="datadoghq.comus3.datadoghq.comus5.datadoghq.comdatadoghq.euap1.datadoghq.comddog-gov.com" DD_API_KEY="<API-KEY>" DD_APP_KEY="<APP-KEY>" cargo run

#####  List active tags and aggregations

    
    
    /**
     * List active tags and aggregations returns "Success" response
     */
    
    import { client, v2 } from "@datadog/datadog-api-client";
    
    const configuration = client.createConfiguration();
    const apiInstance = new v2.MetricsApi(configuration);
    
    const params: v2.MetricsApiListActiveMetricConfigurationsRequest = {
      metricName: "static_test_metric_donotdelete",
    };
    
    apiInstance
      .listActiveMetricConfigurations(params)
      .then((data: v2.MetricSuggestedTagsAndAggregationsResponse) => {
        console.log(
          "API called successfully. Returned data: " + JSON.stringify(data)
        );
      })
      .catch((error: any) => console.error(error));
    

#### Instructions

First [install the library and its
dependencies](https://docs.datadoghq.com/api/latest/?code-lang=typescript) and
then save the example to `example.ts` and run following commands:

    
    
        
    
    DD_SITE="datadoghq.comus3.datadoghq.comus5.datadoghq.comdatadoghq.euap1.datadoghq.comddog-gov.com" DD_API_KEY="<API-KEY>" DD_APP_KEY="<APP-KEY>" tsc "example.ts"

* * *

## List distinct metric volumes by metric name

  * v2 (latest)

GET
https://api.ap1.datadoghq.com/api/v2/metrics/{metric_name}/volumeshttps://api.datadoghq.eu/api/v2/metrics/{metric_name}/volumeshttps://api.ddog-
gov.com/api/v2/metrics/{metric_name}/volumeshttps://api.datadoghq.com/api/v2/metrics/{metric_name}/volumeshttps://api.us3.datadoghq.com/api/v2/metrics/{metric_name}/volumeshttps://api.us5.datadoghq.com/api/v2/metrics/{metric_name}/volumes

### Overview

View distinct metrics volumes for the given metric name.

Custom metrics generated in-app from other products will return `null` for
ingested volumes.

### Arguments

#### Path Parameters

Name

Type

Description

metric_name [_required_]

string

The name of the metric.

### Response

  * 200
  * 400
  * 403
  * 404
  * 429

Success

  * Model
  * Example

Response object which includes a single metric’s volume.

Expand All

Field

Type

Description

data

<oneOf>

Possible response objects for a metric's volume.

Option 1

object

Object for a single metric's distinct volume.

attributes

object

Object containing the definition of a metric's distinct volume.

distinct_volume

int64

Distinct volume for the given metric.

id

string

The metric name for this resource.

type

enum

The metric distinct volume type. Allowed enum values:
`distinct_metric_volumes`

default: `distinct_metric_volumes`

Option 2

object

Object for a single metric's ingested and indexed volume.

attributes

object

Object containing the definition of a metric's ingested and indexed volume.

indexed_volume

int64

Indexed volume for the given metric.

ingested_volume

int64

Ingested volume for the given metric.

id

string

The metric name for this resource.

type

enum

The metric ingested and indexed volume type. Allowed enum values:
`metric_volumes`

default: `metric_volumes`

    
    
    {
      "data": {
        "attributes": {
          "distinct_volume": 10
        },
        "id": "test.metric.latency",
        "type": "distinct_metric_volumes"
      }
    }

Bad Request

  * Model
  * Example

API error response.

Expand All

Field

Type

Description

errors [_required_]

[string]

A list of errors.

    
    
    {
      "errors": [
        "Bad Request"
      ]
    }

Forbidden

  * Model
  * Example

API error response.

Expand All

Field

Type

Description

errors [_required_]

[string]

A list of errors.

    
    
    {
      "errors": [
        "Bad Request"
      ]
    }

Not Found

  * Model
  * Example

API error response.

Expand All

Field

Type

Description

errors [_required_]

[string]

A list of errors.

    
    
    {
      "errors": [
        "Bad Request"
      ]
    }

Too Many Requests

  * Model
  * Example

API error response.

Expand All

Field

Type

Description

errors [_required_]

[string]

A list of errors.

    
    
    {
      "errors": [
        "Bad Request"
      ]
    }

### Code Example

  * [Curl](?code-lang=curl#)
  * [Python](?code-lang=python#)
  * [Ruby](?code-lang=ruby#)
  * [Go](?code-lang=go#)
  * [Java](?code-lang=java#)
  * [Rust](?code-lang=rust#)
  * [Typescript](?code-lang=typescript#)

#####  List distinct metric volumes by metric name

Copy

    
    
                      # Path parameters  
    export metric_name="dist.http.endpoint.request"  
    # Curl command  
    curl -X GET "https://api.ap1.datadoghq.com"https://api.datadoghq.eu"https://api.ddog-gov.com"https://api.datadoghq.com"https://api.us3.datadoghq.com"https://api.us5.datadoghq.com/api/v2/metrics/${metric_name}/volumes" \
    -H "Accept: application/json" \
    -H "DD-API-KEY: ${DD_API_KEY}" \
    -H "DD-APPLICATION-KEY: ${DD_APP_KEY}"  
    
                    

#####  List distinct metric volumes by metric name

    
    
    """
    List distinct metric volumes by metric name returns "Success" response
    """
    
    from datadog_api_client import ApiClient, Configuration
    from datadog_api_client.v2.api.metrics_api import MetricsApi
    
    configuration = Configuration()
    with ApiClient(configuration) as api_client:
        api_instance = MetricsApi(api_client)
        response = api_instance.list_volumes_by_metric_name(
            metric_name="static_test_metric_donotdelete",
        )
    
        print(response)
    

#### Instructions

First [install the library and its
dependencies](https://docs.datadoghq.com/api/latest/?code-lang=python) and
then save the example to `example.py` and run following commands:

    
    
        
    
    DD_SITE="datadoghq.comus3.datadoghq.comus5.datadoghq.comdatadoghq.euap1.datadoghq.comddog-gov.com" DD_API_KEY="<API-KEY>" DD_APP_KEY="<APP-KEY>" python3 "example.py"

#####  List distinct metric volumes by metric name

    
    
    # List distinct metric volumes by metric name returns "Success" response
    
    require "datadog_api_client"
    api_instance = DatadogAPIClient::V2::MetricsAPI.new
    p api_instance.list_volumes_by_metric_name("static_test_metric_donotdelete")
    

#### Instructions

First [install the library and its
dependencies](https://docs.datadoghq.com/api/latest/?code-lang=ruby) and then
save the example to `example.rb` and run following commands:

    
    
        
    
    DD_SITE="datadoghq.comus3.datadoghq.comus5.datadoghq.comdatadoghq.euap1.datadoghq.comddog-gov.com" DD_API_KEY="<API-KEY>" DD_APP_KEY="<APP-KEY>" rb "example.rb"

#####  List distinct metric volumes by metric name

    
    
    // List distinct metric volumes by metric name returns "Success" response
    
    package main
    
    import (
    	"context"
    	"encoding/json"
    	"fmt"
    	"os"
    
    	"github.com/DataDog/datadog-api-client-go/v2/api/datadog"
    	"github.com/DataDog/datadog-api-client-go/v2/api/datadogV2"
    )
    
    func main() {
    	ctx := datadog.NewDefaultContext(context.Background())
    	configuration := datadog.NewConfiguration()
    	apiClient := datadog.NewAPIClient(configuration)
    	api := datadogV2.NewMetricsApi(apiClient)
    	resp, r, err := api.ListVolumesByMetricName(ctx, "static_test_metric_donotdelete")
    
    	if err != nil {
    		fmt.Fprintf(os.Stderr, "Error when calling `MetricsApi.ListVolumesByMetricName`: %v\n", err)
    		fmt.Fprintf(os.Stderr, "Full HTTP response: %v\n", r)
    	}
    
    	responseContent, _ := json.MarshalIndent(resp, "", "  ")
    	fmt.Fprintf(os.Stdout, "Response from `MetricsApi.ListVolumesByMetricName`:\n%s\n", responseContent)
    }
    

#### Instructions

First [install the library and its
dependencies](https://docs.datadoghq.com/api/latest/?code-lang=go) and then
save the example to `main.go` and run following commands:

    
    
        
    
    DD_SITE="datadoghq.comus3.datadoghq.comus5.datadoghq.comdatadoghq.euap1.datadoghq.comddog-gov.com" DD_API_KEY="<API-KEY>" DD_APP_KEY="<APP-KEY>" go run "main.go"

#####  List distinct metric volumes by metric name

    
    
    // List distinct metric volumes by metric name returns "Success" response
    
    import com.datadog.api.client.ApiClient;
    import com.datadog.api.client.ApiException;
    import com.datadog.api.client.v2.api.MetricsApi;
    import com.datadog.api.client.v2.model.MetricVolumesResponse;
    
    public class Example {
      public static void main(String[] args) {
        ApiClient defaultClient = ApiClient.getDefaultApiClient();
        MetricsApi apiInstance = new MetricsApi(defaultClient);
    
        try {
          MetricVolumesResponse result =
              apiInstance.listVolumesByMetricName("static_test_metric_donotdelete");
          System.out.println(result);
        } catch (ApiException e) {
          System.err.println("Exception when calling MetricsApi#listVolumesByMetricName");
          System.err.println("Status code: " + e.getCode());
          System.err.println("Reason: " + e.getResponseBody());
          System.err.println("Response headers: " + e.getResponseHeaders());
          e.printStackTrace();
        }
      }
    }
    

#### Instructions

First [install the library and its
dependencies](https://docs.datadoghq.com/api/latest/?code-lang=java) and then
save the example to `Example.java` and run following commands:

    
    
        
    
    DD_SITE="datadoghq.comus3.datadoghq.comus5.datadoghq.comdatadoghq.euap1.datadoghq.comddog-gov.com" DD_API_KEY="<API-KEY>" DD_APP_KEY="<APP-KEY>" java "Example.java"

#####  List distinct metric volumes by metric name

    
    
    // List distinct metric volumes by metric name returns "Success" response
    use datadog_api_client::datadog;
    use datadog_api_client::datadogV2::api_metrics::MetricsAPI;
    
    #[tokio::main]
    async fn main() {
        let configuration = datadog::Configuration::new();
        let api = MetricsAPI::with_config(configuration);
        let resp = api
            .list_volumes_by_metric_name("static_test_metric_donotdelete".to_string())
            .await;
        if let Ok(value) = resp {
            println!("{:#?}", value);
        } else {
            println!("{:#?}", resp.unwrap_err());
        }
    }
    

#### Instructions

First [install the library and its
dependencies](https://docs.datadoghq.com/api/latest/?code-lang=rust) and then
save the example to `src/main.rs` and run following commands:

    
    
        
    
    DD_SITE="datadoghq.comus3.datadoghq.comus5.datadoghq.comdatadoghq.euap1.datadoghq.comddog-gov.com" DD_API_KEY="<API-KEY>" DD_APP_KEY="<APP-KEY>" cargo run

#####  List distinct metric volumes by metric name

    
    
    /**
     * List distinct metric volumes by metric name returns "Success" response
     */
    
    import { client, v2 } from "@datadog/datadog-api-client";
    
    const configuration = client.createConfiguration();
    const apiInstance = new v2.MetricsApi(configuration);
    
    const params: v2.MetricsApiListVolumesByMetricNameRequest = {
      metricName: "static_test_metric_donotdelete",
    };
    
    apiInstance
      .listVolumesByMetricName(params)
      .then((data: v2.MetricVolumesResponse) => {
        console.log(
          "API called successfully. Returned data: " + JSON.stringify(data)
        );
      })
      .catch((error: any) => console.error(error));
    

#### Instructions

First [install the library and its
dependencies](https://docs.datadoghq.com/api/latest/?code-lang=typescript) and
then save the example to `example.ts` and run following commands:

    
    
        
    
    DD_SITE="datadoghq.comus3.datadoghq.comus5.datadoghq.comdatadoghq.euap1.datadoghq.comddog-gov.com" DD_API_KEY="<API-KEY>" DD_APP_KEY="<APP-KEY>" tsc "example.ts"

* * *

## Configure tags for multiple metrics

  * v2 (latest)

POST https://api.ap1.datadoghq.com/api/v2/metrics/config/bulk-
tagshttps://api.datadoghq.eu/api/v2/metrics/config/bulk-tagshttps://api.ddog-
gov.com/api/v2/metrics/config/bulk-
tagshttps://api.datadoghq.com/api/v2/metrics/config/bulk-
tagshttps://api.us3.datadoghq.com/api/v2/metrics/config/bulk-
tagshttps://api.us5.datadoghq.com/api/v2/metrics/config/bulk-tags

### Overview

Create and define a list of queryable tag keys for a set of existing count,
gauge, rate, and distribution metrics. Metrics are selected by passing a
metric name prefix. Use the Delete method of this API path to remove tag
configurations. Results can be sent to a set of account email addresses, just
like the same operation in the Datadog web app. If multiple calls include the
same metric, the last configuration applied (not by submit order) is used, do
not expect deterministic ordering of concurrent calls. The `exclude_tags_mode`
value will set all metrics that match the prefix to the same exclusion state,
metric tag configurations do not support mixed inclusion and exclusion for
tags on the same metric. Can only be used with application keys of users with
the `Manage Tags for Metrics` permission. This endpoint requires the
`metric_tags_write` permission.

### Request

#### Body Data (required)

  * Model
  * Example

Expand All

Field

Type

Description

data [_required_]

object

Request object to bulk configure tags for metrics matching the given prefix.

attributes

object

Optional parameters for bulk creating metric tag configurations.

emails

[string]

A list of account emails to notify when the configuration is applied.

exclude_tags_mode

boolean

When set to true, the configuration will exclude the configured tags and
include any other submitted tags. When set to false, the configuration will
include the configured tags and exclude any other submitted tags. Defaults to
false.

include_actively_queried_tags_window

double

When provided, all tags that have been actively queried are configured (and,
therefore, remain queryable) for each metric that matches the given prefix.
Minimum value is 1 second, and maximum value is 7,776,000 seconds (90 days).

override_existing_configurations

boolean

When set to true, the configuration overrides any existing configurations for
the given metric with the new set of tags in this configuration request. If
false, old configurations are kept and are merged with the set of tags in this
configuration request. Defaults to true.

tags

[string]

A list of tag names to apply to the configuration.

id [_required_]

string

A text prefix to match against metric names.

type [_required_]

enum

The metric bulk configure tags resource. Allowed enum values:
`metric_bulk_configure_tags`

default: `metric_bulk_configure_tags`

    
    
    {
      "data": {
        "attributes": {
          "emails": [
            "string"
          ],
          "tags": [
            "test",
            "examplemetric"
          ]
        },
        "id": "system.load.1",
        "type": "metric_bulk_configure_tags"
      }
    }

### Response

  * 202
  * 400
  * 403
  * 404
  * 429

Accepted

  * Model
  * Example

Wrapper for a single bulk tag configuration status response.

Expand All

Field

Type

Description

data

object

The status of a request to bulk configure metric tags. It contains the fields
from the original request for reference.

attributes

object

Optional attributes for the status of a bulk tag configuration request.

emails

[string]

A list of account emails to notify when the configuration is applied.

exclude_tags_mode

boolean

When set to true, the configuration will exclude the configured tags and
include any other submitted tags. When set to false, the configuration will
include the configured tags and exclude any other submitted tags.

status

string

The status of the request.

tags

[string]

A list of tag names to apply to the configuration.

id [_required_]

string

A text prefix to match against metric names.

type [_required_]

enum

The metric bulk configure tags resource. Allowed enum values:
`metric_bulk_configure_tags`

default: `metric_bulk_configure_tags`

    
    
    {
      "data": {
        "attributes": {
          "emails": [
            "sue@example.com",
            "bob@example.com"
          ],
          "exclude_tags_mode": false,
          "status": "Accepted",
          "tags": [
            "host",
            "pod_name",
            "is_shadow"
          ]
        },
        "id": "kafka.lag",
        "type": "metric_bulk_configure_tags"
      }
    }

Bad Request

  * Model
  * Example

API error response.

Expand All

Field

Type

Description

errors [_required_]

[string]

A list of errors.

    
    
    {
      "errors": [
        "Bad Request"
      ]
    }

Forbidden

  * Model
  * Example

API error response.

Expand All

Field

Type

Description

errors [_required_]

[string]

A list of errors.

    
    
    {
      "errors": [
        "Bad Request"
      ]
    }

Not Found

  * Model
  * Example

API error response.

Expand All

Field

Type

Description

errors [_required_]

[string]

A list of errors.

    
    
    {
      "errors": [
        "Bad Request"
      ]
    }

Too Many Requests

  * Model
  * Example

API error response.

Expand All

Field

Type

Description

errors [_required_]

[string]

A list of errors.

    
    
    {
      "errors": [
        "Bad Request"
      ]
    }

### Code Example

  * [Curl](?code-lang=curl#)
  * [Go](?code-lang=go#)
  * [Java](?code-lang=java#)
  * [Python](?code-lang=python#)
  * [Ruby](?code-lang=ruby#)
  * [Rust](?code-lang=rust#)
  * [Typescript](?code-lang=typescript#)

#####  Configure tags for multiple metrics returns "Accepted" response

Copy

    
    
                              # Curl command  
    curl -X POST "https://api.ap1.datadoghq.com"https://api.datadoghq.eu"https://api.ddog-gov.com"https://api.datadoghq.com"https://api.us3.datadoghq.com"https://api.us5.datadoghq.com/api/v2/metrics/config/bulk-tags" \
    -H "Accept: application/json" \
    -H "Content-Type: application/json" \
    -H "DD-API-KEY: ${DD_API_KEY}" \
    -H "DD-APPLICATION-KEY: ${DD_APP_KEY}" \
    -d @- << EOF
    {
      "data": {
        "attributes": {
          "emails": [
            "string"
          ],
          "tags": [
            "test",
            "examplemetric"
          ]
        },
        "id": "system.load.1",
        "type": "metric_bulk_configure_tags"
      }
    }
    EOF  
    
                            

#####  Configure tags for multiple metrics returns "Accepted" response

    
    
    // Configure tags for multiple metrics returns "Accepted" response
    
    package main
    
    import (
    	"context"
    	"encoding/json"
    	"fmt"
    	"os"
    
    	"github.com/DataDog/datadog-api-client-go/v2/api/datadog"
    	"github.com/DataDog/datadog-api-client-go/v2/api/datadogV2"
    )
    
    func main() {
    	// there is a valid "user" in the system
    	UserDataAttributesEmail := os.Getenv("USER_DATA_ATTRIBUTES_EMAIL")
    
    	body := datadogV2.MetricBulkTagConfigCreateRequest{
    		Data: datadogV2.MetricBulkTagConfigCreate{
    			Attributes: &datadogV2.MetricBulkTagConfigCreateAttributes{
    				Emails: []string{
    					UserDataAttributesEmail,
    				},
    				Tags: []string{
    					"test",
    					"examplemetric",
    				},
    			},
    			Id:   "system.load.1",
    			Type: datadogV2.METRICBULKCONFIGURETAGSTYPE_BULK_MANAGE_TAGS,
    		},
    	}
    	ctx := datadog.NewDefaultContext(context.Background())
    	configuration := datadog.NewConfiguration()
    	apiClient := datadog.NewAPIClient(configuration)
    	api := datadogV2.NewMetricsApi(apiClient)
    	resp, r, err := api.CreateBulkTagsMetricsConfiguration(ctx, body)
    
    	if err != nil {
    		fmt.Fprintf(os.Stderr, "Error when calling `MetricsApi.CreateBulkTagsMetricsConfiguration`: %v\n", err)
    		fmt.Fprintf(os.Stderr, "Full HTTP response: %v\n", r)
    	}
    
    	responseContent, _ := json.MarshalIndent(resp, "", "  ")
    	fmt.Fprintf(os.Stdout, "Response from `MetricsApi.CreateBulkTagsMetricsConfiguration`:\n%s\n", responseContent)
    }
    

#### Instructions

First [install the library and its
dependencies](https://docs.datadoghq.com/api/latest/?code-lang=go) and then
save the example to `main.go` and run following commands:

    
    
        
    
    DD_SITE="datadoghq.comus3.datadoghq.comus5.datadoghq.comdatadoghq.euap1.datadoghq.comddog-gov.com" DD_API_KEY="<API-KEY>" DD_APP_KEY="<APP-KEY>" go run "main.go"

#####  Configure tags for multiple metrics returns "Accepted" response

    
    
    // Configure tags for multiple metrics returns "Accepted" response
    
    import com.datadog.api.client.ApiClient;
    import com.datadog.api.client.ApiException;
    import com.datadog.api.client.v2.api.MetricsApi;
    import com.datadog.api.client.v2.model.MetricBulkConfigureTagsType;
    import com.datadog.api.client.v2.model.MetricBulkTagConfigCreate;
    import com.datadog.api.client.v2.model.MetricBulkTagConfigCreateAttributes;
    import com.datadog.api.client.v2.model.MetricBulkTagConfigCreateRequest;
    import com.datadog.api.client.v2.model.MetricBulkTagConfigResponse;
    import java.util.Arrays;
    import java.util.Collections;
    
    public class Example {
      public static void main(String[] args) {
        ApiClient defaultClient = ApiClient.getDefaultApiClient();
        MetricsApi apiInstance = new MetricsApi(defaultClient);
    
        // there is a valid "user" in the system
        String USER_DATA_ATTRIBUTES_EMAIL = System.getenv("USER_DATA_ATTRIBUTES_EMAIL");
    
        MetricBulkTagConfigCreateRequest body =
            new MetricBulkTagConfigCreateRequest()
                .data(
                    new MetricBulkTagConfigCreate()
                        .attributes(
                            new MetricBulkTagConfigCreateAttributes()
                                .emails(Collections.singletonList(USER_DATA_ATTRIBUTES_EMAIL))
                                .tags(Arrays.asList("test", "examplemetric")))
                        .id("system.load.1")
                        .type(MetricBulkConfigureTagsType.BULK_MANAGE_TAGS));
    
        try {
          MetricBulkTagConfigResponse result = apiInstance.createBulkTagsMetricsConfiguration(body);
          System.out.println(result);
        } catch (ApiException e) {
          System.err.println("Exception when calling MetricsApi#createBulkTagsMetricsConfiguration");
          System.err.println("Status code: " + e.getCode());
          System.err.println("Reason: " + e.getResponseBody());
          System.err.println("Response headers: " + e.getResponseHeaders());
          e.printStackTrace();
        }
      }
    }
    

#### Instructions

First [install the library and its
dependencies](https://docs.datadoghq.com/api/latest/?code-lang=java) and then
save the example to `Example.java` and run following commands:

    
    
        
    
    DD_SITE="datadoghq.comus3.datadoghq.comus5.datadoghq.comdatadoghq.euap1.datadoghq.comddog-gov.com" DD_API_KEY="<API-KEY>" DD_APP_KEY="<APP-KEY>" java "Example.java"

#####  Configure tags for multiple metrics returns "Accepted" response

    
    
    """
    Configure tags for multiple metrics returns "Accepted" response
    """
    
    from os import environ
    from datadog_api_client import ApiClient, Configuration
    from datadog_api_client.v2.api.metrics_api import MetricsApi
    from datadog_api_client.v2.model.metric_bulk_configure_tags_type import MetricBulkConfigureTagsType
    from datadog_api_client.v2.model.metric_bulk_tag_config_create import MetricBulkTagConfigCreate
    from datadog_api_client.v2.model.metric_bulk_tag_config_create_attributes import MetricBulkTagConfigCreateAttributes
    from datadog_api_client.v2.model.metric_bulk_tag_config_create_request import MetricBulkTagConfigCreateRequest
    from datadog_api_client.v2.model.metric_bulk_tag_config_email_list import MetricBulkTagConfigEmailList
    from datadog_api_client.v2.model.metric_bulk_tag_config_tag_name_list import MetricBulkTagConfigTagNameList
    
    # there is a valid "user" in the system
    USER_DATA_ATTRIBUTES_EMAIL = environ["USER_DATA_ATTRIBUTES_EMAIL"]
    
    body = MetricBulkTagConfigCreateRequest(
        data=MetricBulkTagConfigCreate(
            attributes=MetricBulkTagConfigCreateAttributes(
                emails=MetricBulkTagConfigEmailList(
                    [
                        USER_DATA_ATTRIBUTES_EMAIL,
                    ]
                ),
                tags=MetricBulkTagConfigTagNameList(
                    [
                        "test",
                        "examplemetric",
                    ]
                ),
            ),
            id="system.load.1",
            type=MetricBulkConfigureTagsType.BULK_MANAGE_TAGS,
        ),
    )
    
    configuration = Configuration()
    with ApiClient(configuration) as api_client:
        api_instance = MetricsApi(api_client)
        response = api_instance.create_bulk_tags_metrics_configuration(body=body)
    
        print(response)
    

#### Instructions

First [install the library and its
dependencies](https://docs.datadoghq.com/api/latest/?code-lang=python) and
then save the example to `example.py` and run following commands:

    
    
        
    
    DD_SITE="datadoghq.comus3.datadoghq.comus5.datadoghq.comdatadoghq.euap1.datadoghq.comddog-gov.com" DD_API_KEY="<API-KEY>" DD_APP_KEY="<APP-KEY>" python3 "example.py"

#####  Configure tags for multiple metrics returns "Accepted" response

    
    
    # Configure tags for multiple metrics returns "Accepted" response
    
    require "datadog_api_client"
    api_instance = DatadogAPIClient::V2::MetricsAPI.new
    
    # there is a valid "user" in the system
    USER_DATA_ATTRIBUTES_EMAIL = ENV["USER_DATA_ATTRIBUTES_EMAIL"]
    
    body = DatadogAPIClient::V2::MetricBulkTagConfigCreateRequest.new({
      data: DatadogAPIClient::V2::MetricBulkTagConfigCreate.new({
        attributes: DatadogAPIClient::V2::MetricBulkTagConfigCreateAttributes.new({
          emails: [
            USER_DATA_ATTRIBUTES_EMAIL,
          ],
          tags: [
            "test",
            "examplemetric",
          ],
        }),
        id: "system.load.1",
        type: DatadogAPIClient::V2::MetricBulkConfigureTagsType::BULK_MANAGE_TAGS,
      }),
    })
    p api_instance.create_bulk_tags_metrics_configuration(body)
    

#### Instructions

First [install the library and its
dependencies](https://docs.datadoghq.com/api/latest/?code-lang=ruby) and then
save the example to `example.rb` and run following commands:

    
    
        
    
    DD_SITE="datadoghq.comus3.datadoghq.comus5.datadoghq.comdatadoghq.euap1.datadoghq.comddog-gov.com" DD_API_KEY="<API-KEY>" DD_APP_KEY="<APP-KEY>" rb "example.rb"

#####  Configure tags for multiple metrics returns "Accepted" response

    
    
    // Configure tags for multiple metrics returns "Accepted" response
    use datadog_api_client::datadog;
    use datadog_api_client::datadogV2::api_metrics::MetricsAPI;
    use datadog_api_client::datadogV2::model::MetricBulkConfigureTagsType;
    use datadog_api_client::datadogV2::model::MetricBulkTagConfigCreate;
    use datadog_api_client::datadogV2::model::MetricBulkTagConfigCreateAttributes;
    use datadog_api_client::datadogV2::model::MetricBulkTagConfigCreateRequest;
    
    #[tokio::main]
    async fn main() {
        // there is a valid "user" in the system
        let user_data_attributes_email = std::env::var("USER_DATA_ATTRIBUTES_EMAIL").unwrap();
        let body = MetricBulkTagConfigCreateRequest::new(
            MetricBulkTagConfigCreate::new(
                "system.load.1".to_string(),
                MetricBulkConfigureTagsType::BULK_MANAGE_TAGS,
            )
            .attributes(
                MetricBulkTagConfigCreateAttributes::new()
                    .emails(vec![user_data_attributes_email.clone()])
                    .tags(vec!["test".to_string(), "examplemetric".to_string()]),
            ),
        );
        let configuration = datadog::Configuration::new();
        let api = MetricsAPI::with_config(configuration);
        let resp = api.create_bulk_tags_metrics_configuration(body).await;
        if let Ok(value) = resp {
            println!("{:#?}", value);
        } else {
            println!("{:#?}", resp.unwrap_err());
        }
    }
    

#### Instructions

First [install the library and its
dependencies](https://docs.datadoghq.com/api/latest/?code-lang=rust) and then
save the example to `src/main.rs` and run following commands:

    
    
        
    
    DD_SITE="datadoghq.comus3.datadoghq.comus5.datadoghq.comdatadoghq.euap1.datadoghq.comddog-gov.com" DD_API_KEY="<API-KEY>" DD_APP_KEY="<APP-KEY>" cargo run

#####  Configure tags for multiple metrics returns "Accepted" response

    
    
    /**
     * Configure tags for multiple metrics returns "Accepted" response
     */
    
    import { client, v2 } from "@datadog/datadog-api-client";
    
    const configuration = client.createConfiguration();
    const apiInstance = new v2.MetricsApi(configuration);
    
    // there is a valid "user" in the system
    const USER_DATA_ATTRIBUTES_EMAIL = process.env
      .USER_DATA_ATTRIBUTES_EMAIL as string;
    
    const params: v2.MetricsApiCreateBulkTagsMetricsConfigurationRequest = {
      body: {
        data: {
          attributes: {
            emails: [USER_DATA_ATTRIBUTES_EMAIL],
            tags: ["test", "examplemetric"],
          },
          id: "system.load.1",
          type: "metric_bulk_configure_tags",
        },
      },
    };
    
    apiInstance
      .createBulkTagsMetricsConfiguration(params)
      .then((data: v2.MetricBulkTagConfigResponse) => {
        console.log(
          "API called successfully. Returned data: " + JSON.stringify(data)
        );
      })
      .catch((error: any) => console.error(error));
    

#### Instructions

First [install the library and its
dependencies](https://docs.datadoghq.com/api/latest/?code-lang=typescript) and
then save the example to `example.ts` and run following commands:

    
    
        
    
    DD_SITE="datadoghq.comus3.datadoghq.comus5.datadoghq.comdatadoghq.euap1.datadoghq.comddog-gov.com" DD_API_KEY="<API-KEY>" DD_APP_KEY="<APP-KEY>" tsc "example.ts"

* * *

## Delete tags for multiple metrics

  * v2 (latest)

DELETE https://api.ap1.datadoghq.com/api/v2/metrics/config/bulk-
tagshttps://api.datadoghq.eu/api/v2/metrics/config/bulk-tagshttps://api.ddog-
gov.com/api/v2/metrics/config/bulk-
tagshttps://api.datadoghq.com/api/v2/metrics/config/bulk-
tagshttps://api.us3.datadoghq.com/api/v2/metrics/config/bulk-
tagshttps://api.us5.datadoghq.com/api/v2/metrics/config/bulk-tags

### Overview

Delete all custom lists of queryable tag keys for a set of existing count,
gauge, rate, and distribution metrics. Metrics are selected by passing a
metric name prefix. Results can be sent to a set of account email addresses,
just like the same operation in the Datadog web app. Can only be used with
application keys of users with the `Manage Tags for Metrics` permission. This
endpoint requires the `metric_tags_write` permission.

### Request

#### Body Data (required)

  * Model
  * Example

Expand All

Field

Type

Description

data [_required_]

object

Request object to bulk delete all tag configurations for metrics matching the
given prefix.

attributes

object

Optional parameters for bulk deleting metric tag configurations.

emails

[string]

A list of account emails to notify when the configuration is applied.

id [_required_]

string

A text prefix to match against metric names.

type [_required_]

enum

The metric bulk configure tags resource. Allowed enum values:
`metric_bulk_configure_tags`

default: `metric_bulk_configure_tags`

    
    
    {
      "data": {
        "attributes": {
          "emails": [
            "sue@example.com",
            "bob@example.com"
          ]
        },
        "id": "kafka.lag",
        "type": "metric_bulk_configure_tags"
      }
    }

### Response

  * 202
  * 400
  * 403
  * 404
  * 429

Accepted

  * Model
  * Example

Wrapper for a single bulk tag configuration status response.

Expand All

Field

Type

Description

data

object

The status of a request to bulk configure metric tags. It contains the fields
from the original request for reference.

attributes

object

Optional attributes for the status of a bulk tag configuration request.

emails

[string]

A list of account emails to notify when the configuration is applied.

exclude_tags_mode

boolean

When set to true, the configuration will exclude the configured tags and
include any other submitted tags. When set to false, the configuration will
include the configured tags and exclude any other submitted tags.

status

string

The status of the request.

tags

[string]

A list of tag names to apply to the configuration.

id [_required_]

string

A text prefix to match against metric names.

type [_required_]

enum

The metric bulk configure tags resource. Allowed enum values:
`metric_bulk_configure_tags`

default: `metric_bulk_configure_tags`

    
    
    {
      "data": {
        "attributes": {
          "emails": [
            "sue@example.com",
            "bob@example.com"
          ],
          "exclude_tags_mode": false,
          "status": "Accepted",
          "tags": [
            "host",
            "pod_name",
            "is_shadow"
          ]
        },
        "id": "kafka.lag",
        "type": "metric_bulk_configure_tags"
      }
    }

Bad Request

  * Model
  * Example

API error response.

Expand All

Field

Type

Description

errors [_required_]

[string]

A list of errors.

    
    
    {
      "errors": [
        "Bad Request"
      ]
    }

Forbidden

  * Model
  * Example

API error response.

Expand All

Field

Type

Description

errors [_required_]

[string]

A list of errors.

    
    
    {
      "errors": [
        "Bad Request"
      ]
    }

Not Found

  * Model
  * Example

API error response.

Expand All

Field

Type

Description

errors [_required_]

[string]

A list of errors.

    
    
    {
      "errors": [
        "Bad Request"
      ]
    }

Too Many Requests

  * Model
  * Example

API error response.

Expand All

Field

Type

Description

errors [_required_]

[string]

A list of errors.

    
    
    {
      "errors": [
        "Bad Request"
      ]
    }

### Code Example

  * [Curl](?code-lang=curl#)
  * [Python](?code-lang=python#)
  * [Ruby](?code-lang=ruby#)
  * [Go](?code-lang=go#)
  * [Java](?code-lang=java#)
  * [Rust](?code-lang=rust#)
  * [Typescript](?code-lang=typescript#)

#####  Delete tags for multiple metrics

Copy

    
    
                      # Curl command  
    curl -X DELETE "https://api.ap1.datadoghq.com"https://api.datadoghq.eu"https://api.ddog-gov.com"https://api.datadoghq.com"https://api.us3.datadoghq.com"https://api.us5.datadoghq.com/api/v2/metrics/config/bulk-tags" \
    -H "Accept: application/json" \
    -H "Content-Type: application/json" \
    -H "DD-API-KEY: ${DD_API_KEY}" \
    -H "DD-APPLICATION-KEY: ${DD_APP_KEY}" \
    -d @- << EOF
    {
      "data": {
        "id": "kafka.lag",
        "type": "metric_bulk_configure_tags"
      }
    }
    EOF  
    
                    

#####  Delete tags for multiple metrics

    
    
    """
    Delete tags for multiple metrics returns "Accepted" response
    """
    
    from datadog_api_client import ApiClient, Configuration
    from datadog_api_client.v2.api.metrics_api import MetricsApi
    from datadog_api_client.v2.model.metric_bulk_configure_tags_type import MetricBulkConfigureTagsType
    from datadog_api_client.v2.model.metric_bulk_tag_config_delete import MetricBulkTagConfigDelete
    from datadog_api_client.v2.model.metric_bulk_tag_config_delete_attributes import MetricBulkTagConfigDeleteAttributes
    from datadog_api_client.v2.model.metric_bulk_tag_config_delete_request import MetricBulkTagConfigDeleteRequest
    from datadog_api_client.v2.model.metric_bulk_tag_config_email_list import MetricBulkTagConfigEmailList
    
    body = MetricBulkTagConfigDeleteRequest(
        data=MetricBulkTagConfigDelete(
            attributes=MetricBulkTagConfigDeleteAttributes(
                emails=MetricBulkTagConfigEmailList(
                    [
                        "sue@example.com",
                        "bob@example.com",
                    ]
                ),
            ),
            id="kafka.lag",
            type=MetricBulkConfigureTagsType.BULK_MANAGE_TAGS,
        ),
    )
    
    configuration = Configuration()
    with ApiClient(configuration) as api_client:
        api_instance = MetricsApi(api_client)
        response = api_instance.delete_bulk_tags_metrics_configuration(body=body)
    
        print(response)
    

#### Instructions

First [install the library and its
dependencies](https://docs.datadoghq.com/api/latest/?code-lang=python) and
then save the example to `example.py` and run following commands:

    
    
        
    
    DD_SITE="datadoghq.comus3.datadoghq.comus5.datadoghq.comdatadoghq.euap1.datadoghq.comddog-gov.com" DD_API_KEY="<API-KEY>" DD_APP_KEY="<APP-KEY>" python3 "example.py"

#####  Delete tags for multiple metrics

    
    
    # Delete tags for multiple metrics returns "Accepted" response
    
    require "datadog_api_client"
    api_instance = DatadogAPIClient::V2::MetricsAPI.new
    
    body = DatadogAPIClient::V2::MetricBulkTagConfigDeleteRequest.new({
      data: DatadogAPIClient::V2::MetricBulkTagConfigDelete.new({
        attributes: DatadogAPIClient::V2::MetricBulkTagConfigDeleteAttributes.new({
          emails: [
            "sue@example.com",
            "bob@example.com",
          ],
        }),
        id: "kafka.lag",
        type: DatadogAPIClient::V2::MetricBulkConfigureTagsType::BULK_MANAGE_TAGS,
      }),
    })
    p api_instance.delete_bulk_tags_metrics_configuration(body)
    

#### Instructions

First [install the library and its
dependencies](https://docs.datadoghq.com/api/latest/?code-lang=ruby) and then
save the example to `example.rb` and run following commands:

    
    
        
    
    DD_SITE="datadoghq.comus3.datadoghq.comus5.datadoghq.comdatadoghq.euap1.datadoghq.comddog-gov.com" DD_API_KEY="<API-KEY>" DD_APP_KEY="<APP-KEY>" rb "example.rb"

#####  Delete tags for multiple metrics

    
    
    // Delete tags for multiple metrics returns "Accepted" response
    
    package main
    
    import (
    	"context"
    	"encoding/json"
    	"fmt"
    	"os"
    
    	"github.com/DataDog/datadog-api-client-go/v2/api/datadog"
    	"github.com/DataDog/datadog-api-client-go/v2/api/datadogV2"
    )
    
    func main() {
    	body := datadogV2.MetricBulkTagConfigDeleteRequest{
    		Data: datadogV2.MetricBulkTagConfigDelete{
    			Attributes: &datadogV2.MetricBulkTagConfigDeleteAttributes{
    				Emails: []string{
    					"sue@example.com",
    					"bob@example.com",
    				},
    			},
    			Id:   "kafka.lag",
    			Type: datadogV2.METRICBULKCONFIGURETAGSTYPE_BULK_MANAGE_TAGS,
    		},
    	}
    	ctx := datadog.NewDefaultContext(context.Background())
    	configuration := datadog.NewConfiguration()
    	apiClient := datadog.NewAPIClient(configuration)
    	api := datadogV2.NewMetricsApi(apiClient)
    	resp, r, err := api.DeleteBulkTagsMetricsConfiguration(ctx, body)
    
    	if err != nil {
    		fmt.Fprintf(os.Stderr, "Error when calling `MetricsApi.DeleteBulkTagsMetricsConfiguration`: %v\n", err)
    		fmt.Fprintf(os.Stderr, "Full HTTP response: %v\n", r)
    	}
    
    	responseContent, _ := json.MarshalIndent(resp, "", "  ")
    	fmt.Fprintf(os.Stdout, "Response from `MetricsApi.DeleteBulkTagsMetricsConfiguration`:\n%s\n", responseContent)
    }
    

#### Instructions

First [install the library and its
dependencies](https://docs.datadoghq.com/api/latest/?code-lang=go) and then
save the example to `main.go` and run following commands:

    
    
        
    
    DD_SITE="datadoghq.comus3.datadoghq.comus5.datadoghq.comdatadoghq.euap1.datadoghq.comddog-gov.com" DD_API_KEY="<API-KEY>" DD_APP_KEY="<APP-KEY>" go run "main.go"

#####  Delete tags for multiple metrics

    
    
    // Delete tags for multiple metrics returns "Accepted" response
    
    import com.datadog.api.client.ApiClient;
    import com.datadog.api.client.ApiException;
    import com.datadog.api.client.v2.api.MetricsApi;
    import com.datadog.api.client.v2.model.MetricBulkConfigureTagsType;
    import com.datadog.api.client.v2.model.MetricBulkTagConfigDelete;
    import com.datadog.api.client.v2.model.MetricBulkTagConfigDeleteAttributes;
    import com.datadog.api.client.v2.model.MetricBulkTagConfigDeleteRequest;
    import com.datadog.api.client.v2.model.MetricBulkTagConfigResponse;
    import java.util.Arrays;
    
    public class Example {
      public static void main(String[] args) {
        ApiClient defaultClient = ApiClient.getDefaultApiClient();
        MetricsApi apiInstance = new MetricsApi(defaultClient);
    
        MetricBulkTagConfigDeleteRequest body =
            new MetricBulkTagConfigDeleteRequest()
                .data(
                    new MetricBulkTagConfigDelete()
                        .attributes(
                            new MetricBulkTagConfigDeleteAttributes()
                                .emails(Arrays.asList("sue@example.com", "bob@example.com")))
                        .id("kafka.lag")
                        .type(MetricBulkConfigureTagsType.BULK_MANAGE_TAGS));
    
        try {
          MetricBulkTagConfigResponse result = apiInstance.deleteBulkTagsMetricsConfiguration(body);
          System.out.println(result);
        } catch (ApiException e) {
          System.err.println("Exception when calling MetricsApi#deleteBulkTagsMetricsConfiguration");
          System.err.println("Status code: " + e.getCode());
          System.err.println("Reason: " + e.getResponseBody());
          System.err.println("Response headers: " + e.getResponseHeaders());
          e.printStackTrace();
        }
      }
    }
    

#### Instructions

First [install the library and its
dependencies](https://docs.datadoghq.com/api/latest/?code-lang=java) and then
save the example to `Example.java` and run following commands:

    
    
        
    
    DD_SITE="datadoghq.comus3.datadoghq.comus5.datadoghq.comdatadoghq.euap1.datadoghq.comddog-gov.com" DD_API_KEY="<API-KEY>" DD_APP_KEY="<APP-KEY>" java "Example.java"

#####  Delete tags for multiple metrics

    
    
    // Delete tags for multiple metrics returns "Accepted" response
    use datadog_api_client::datadog;
    use datadog_api_client::datadogV2::api_metrics::MetricsAPI;
    use datadog_api_client::datadogV2::model::MetricBulkConfigureTagsType;
    use datadog_api_client::datadogV2::model::MetricBulkTagConfigDelete;
    use datadog_api_client::datadogV2::model::MetricBulkTagConfigDeleteAttributes;
    use datadog_api_client::datadogV2::model::MetricBulkTagConfigDeleteRequest;
    
    #[tokio::main]
    async fn main() {
        let body = MetricBulkTagConfigDeleteRequest::new(
            MetricBulkTagConfigDelete::new(
                "kafka.lag".to_string(),
                MetricBulkConfigureTagsType::BULK_MANAGE_TAGS,
            )
            .attributes(MetricBulkTagConfigDeleteAttributes::new().emails(vec![
                "sue@example.com".to_string(),
                "bob@example.com".to_string(),
            ])),
        );
        let configuration = datadog::Configuration::new();
        let api = MetricsAPI::with_config(configuration);
        let resp = api.delete_bulk_tags_metrics_configuration(body).await;
        if let Ok(value) = resp {
            println!("{:#?}", value);
        } else {
            println!("{:#?}", resp.unwrap_err());
        }
    }
    

#### Instructions

First [install the library and its
dependencies](https://docs.datadoghq.com/api/latest/?code-lang=rust) and then
save the example to `src/main.rs` and run following commands:

    
    
        
    
    DD_SITE="datadoghq.comus3.datadoghq.comus5.datadoghq.comdatadoghq.euap1.datadoghq.comddog-gov.com" DD_API_KEY="<API-KEY>" DD_APP_KEY="<APP-KEY>" cargo run

#####  Delete tags for multiple metrics

    
    
    /**
     * Delete tags for multiple metrics returns "Accepted" response
     */
    
    import { client, v2 } from "@datadog/datadog-api-client";
    
    const configuration = client.createConfiguration();
    const apiInstance = new v2.MetricsApi(configuration);
    
    const params: v2.MetricsApiDeleteBulkTagsMetricsConfigurationRequest = {
      body: {
        data: {
          attributes: {
            emails: ["sue@example.com", "bob@example.com"],
          },
          id: "kafka.lag",
          type: "metric_bulk_configure_tags",
        },
      },
    };
    
    apiInstance
      .deleteBulkTagsMetricsConfiguration(params)
      .then((data: v2.MetricBulkTagConfigResponse) => {
        console.log(
          "API called successfully. Returned data: " + JSON.stringify(data)
        );
      })
      .catch((error: any) => console.error(error));
    

#### Instructions

First [install the library and its
dependencies](https://docs.datadoghq.com/api/latest/?code-lang=typescript) and
then save the example to `example.ts` and run following commands:

    
    
        
    
    DD_SITE="datadoghq.comus3.datadoghq.comus5.datadoghq.comdatadoghq.euap1.datadoghq.comddog-gov.com" DD_API_KEY="<API-KEY>" DD_APP_KEY="<APP-KEY>" tsc "example.ts"

* * *

## Tag Configuration Cardinality Estimator

  * v2 (latest)

GET
https://api.ap1.datadoghq.com/api/v2/metrics/{metric_name}/estimatehttps://api.datadoghq.eu/api/v2/metrics/{metric_name}/estimatehttps://api.ddog-
gov.com/api/v2/metrics/{metric_name}/estimatehttps://api.datadoghq.com/api/v2/metrics/{metric_name}/estimatehttps://api.us3.datadoghq.com/api/v2/metrics/{metric_name}/estimatehttps://api.us5.datadoghq.com/api/v2/metrics/{metric_name}/estimate

### Overview

Returns the estimated cardinality for a metric with a given tag, percentile
and number of aggregations configuration using Metrics without Limits™.

### Arguments

#### Path Parameters

Name

Type

Description

metric_name [_required_]

string

The name of the metric.

#### Query Strings

Name

Type

Description

filter[groups]

string

Filtered tag keys that the metric is configured to query with.

filter[hours_ago]

integer

The number of hours of look back (from now) to estimate cardinality with. If
unspecified, it defaults to 0 hours.

filter[num_aggregations]

integer

The number of aggregations that a `count`, `rate`, or `gauge` metric is
configured to use. Max number of aggregation combos is 9.

filter[pct]

boolean

A boolean, for distribution metrics only, to estimate cardinality if the
metric includes additional percentile aggregators.

filter[timespan_h]

integer

A window, in hours, from the look back to estimate cardinality with. The
minimum and default is 1 hour.

### Response

  * 200
  * 400
  * 403
  * 404
  * 429

Success

  * Model
  * Example

Response object that includes metric cardinality estimates.

Expand All

Field

Type

Description

data

object

Object for a metric cardinality estimate.

attributes

object

Object containing the definition of a metric estimate attribute.

estimate_type

enum

Estimate type based on the queried configuration. By default, `count_or_gauge`
is returned. `distribution` is returned for distribution metrics without
percentiles enabled. Lastly, `percentile` is returned if `filter[pct]=true` is
queried with a distribution metric. Allowed enum values:
`count_or_gauge,distribution,percentile`

default: `count_or_gauge`

estimated_at

date-time

Timestamp when the cardinality estimate was requested.

estimated_output_series

int64

Estimated cardinality of the metric based on the queried configuration.

id

string

The metric name for this resource.

type

enum

The metric estimate resource type. Allowed enum values:
`metric_cardinality_estimate`

default: `metric_cardinality_estimate`

    
    
    {
      "data": {
        "attributes": {
          "estimate_type": "distribution",
          "estimated_at": "2022-04-27T09:48:37.463835Z",
          "estimated_output_series": 50
        },
        "id": "test.metric.latency",
        "type": "metric_cardinality_estimate"
      }
    }

API error response.

  * Model
  * Example

API error response.

Expand All

Field

Type

Description

errors [_required_]

[string]

A list of errors.

    
    
    {
      "errors": [
        "Bad Request"
      ]
    }

API error response.

  * Model
  * Example

API error response.

Expand All

Field

Type

Description

errors [_required_]

[string]

A list of errors.

    
    
    {
      "errors": [
        "Bad Request"
      ]
    }

API error response.

  * Model
  * Example

API error response.

Expand All

Field

Type

Description

errors [_required_]

[string]

A list of errors.

    
    
    {
      "errors": [
        "Bad Request"
      ]
    }

Too Many Requests

  * Model
  * Example

API error response.

Expand All

Field

Type

Description

errors [_required_]

[string]

A list of errors.

    
    
    {
      "errors": [
        "Bad Request"
      ]
    }

### Code Example

  * [Curl](?code-lang=curl#)
  * [Python](?code-lang=python#)
  * [Ruby](?code-lang=ruby#)
  * [Go](?code-lang=go#)
  * [Java](?code-lang=java#)
  * [Rust](?code-lang=rust#)
  * [Typescript](?code-lang=typescript#)

#####  Tag Configuration Cardinality Estimator

Copy

    
    
                      # Path parameters  
    export metric_name="dist.http.endpoint.request"  
    # Curl command  
    curl -X GET "https://api.ap1.datadoghq.com"https://api.datadoghq.eu"https://api.ddog-gov.com"https://api.datadoghq.com"https://api.us3.datadoghq.com"https://api.us5.datadoghq.com/api/v2/metrics/${metric_name}/estimate" \
    -H "Accept: application/json" \
    -H "DD-API-KEY: ${DD_API_KEY}" \
    -H "DD-APPLICATION-KEY: ${DD_APP_KEY}"  
    
                    

#####  Tag Configuration Cardinality Estimator

    
    
    """
    Tag Configuration Cardinality Estimator returns "Success" response
    """
    
    from datadog_api_client import ApiClient, Configuration
    from datadog_api_client.v2.api.metrics_api import MetricsApi
    
    configuration = Configuration()
    with ApiClient(configuration) as api_client:
        api_instance = MetricsApi(api_client)
        response = api_instance.estimate_metrics_output_series(
            metric_name="system.cpu.idle",
            filter_groups="app,host",
            filter_num_aggregations=4,
        )
    
        print(response)
    

#### Instructions

First [install the library and its
dependencies](https://docs.datadoghq.com/api/latest/?code-lang=python) and
then save the example to `example.py` and run following commands:

    
    
        
    
    DD_SITE="datadoghq.comus3.datadoghq.comus5.datadoghq.comdatadoghq.euap1.datadoghq.comddog-gov.com" DD_API_KEY="<API-KEY>" DD_APP_KEY="<APP-KEY>" python3 "example.py"

#####  Tag Configuration Cardinality Estimator

    
    
    # Tag Configuration Cardinality Estimator returns "Success" response
    
    require "datadog_api_client"
    api_instance = DatadogAPIClient::V2::MetricsAPI.new
    opts = {
      filter_groups: "app,host",
      filter_num_aggregations: 4,
    }
    p api_instance.estimate_metrics_output_series("system.cpu.idle", opts)
    

#### Instructions

First [install the library and its
dependencies](https://docs.datadoghq.com/api/latest/?code-lang=ruby) and then
save the example to `example.rb` and run following commands:

    
    
        
    
    DD_SITE="datadoghq.comus3.datadoghq.comus5.datadoghq.comdatadoghq.euap1.datadoghq.comddog-gov.com" DD_API_KEY="<API-KEY>" DD_APP_KEY="<APP-KEY>" rb "example.rb"

#####  Tag Configuration Cardinality Estimator

    
    
    // Tag Configuration Cardinality Estimator returns "Success" response
    
    package main
    
    import (
    	"context"
    	"encoding/json"
    	"fmt"
    	"os"
    
    	"github.com/DataDog/datadog-api-client-go/v2/api/datadog"
    	"github.com/DataDog/datadog-api-client-go/v2/api/datadogV2"
    )
    
    func main() {
    	ctx := datadog.NewDefaultContext(context.Background())
    	configuration := datadog.NewConfiguration()
    	apiClient := datadog.NewAPIClient(configuration)
    	api := datadogV2.NewMetricsApi(apiClient)
    	resp, r, err := api.EstimateMetricsOutputSeries(ctx, "system.cpu.idle", *datadogV2.NewEstimateMetricsOutputSeriesOptionalParameters().WithFilterGroups("app,host").WithFilterNumAggregations(4))
    
    	if err != nil {
    		fmt.Fprintf(os.Stderr, "Error when calling `MetricsApi.EstimateMetricsOutputSeries`: %v\n", err)
    		fmt.Fprintf(os.Stderr, "Full HTTP response: %v\n", r)
    	}
    
    	responseContent, _ := json.MarshalIndent(resp, "", "  ")
    	fmt.Fprintf(os.Stdout, "Response from `MetricsApi.EstimateMetricsOutputSeries`:\n%s\n", responseContent)
    }
    

#### Instructions

First [install the library and its
dependencies](https://docs.datadoghq.com/api/latest/?code-lang=go) and then
save the example to `main.go` and run following commands:

    
    
        
    
    DD_SITE="datadoghq.comus3.datadoghq.comus5.datadoghq.comdatadoghq.euap1.datadoghq.comddog-gov.com" DD_API_KEY="<API-KEY>" DD_APP_KEY="<APP-KEY>" go run "main.go"

#####  Tag Configuration Cardinality Estimator

    
    
    // Tag Configuration Cardinality Estimator returns "Success" response
    
    import com.datadog.api.client.ApiClient;
    import com.datadog.api.client.ApiException;
    import com.datadog.api.client.v2.api.MetricsApi;
    import com.datadog.api.client.v2.api.MetricsApi.EstimateMetricsOutputSeriesOptionalParameters;
    import com.datadog.api.client.v2.model.MetricEstimateResponse;
    
    public class Example {
      public static void main(String[] args) {
        ApiClient defaultClient = ApiClient.getDefaultApiClient();
        MetricsApi apiInstance = new MetricsApi(defaultClient);
    
        try {
          MetricEstimateResponse result =
              apiInstance.estimateMetricsOutputSeries(
                  "system.cpu.idle",
                  new EstimateMetricsOutputSeriesOptionalParameters()
                      .filterGroups("app,host")
                      .filterNumAggregations(4));
          System.out.println(result);
        } catch (ApiException e) {
          System.err.println("Exception when calling MetricsApi#estimateMetricsOutputSeries");
          System.err.println("Status code: " + e.getCode());
          System.err.println("Reason: " + e.getResponseBody());
          System.err.println("Response headers: " + e.getResponseHeaders());
          e.printStackTrace();
        }
      }
    }
    

#### Instructions

First [install the library and its
dependencies](https://docs.datadoghq.com/api/latest/?code-lang=java) and then
save the example to `Example.java` and run following commands:

    
    
        
    
    DD_SITE="datadoghq.comus3.datadoghq.comus5.datadoghq.comdatadoghq.euap1.datadoghq.comddog-gov.com" DD_API_KEY="<API-KEY>" DD_APP_KEY="<APP-KEY>" java "Example.java"

#####  Tag Configuration Cardinality Estimator

    
    
    // Tag Configuration Cardinality Estimator returns "Success" response
    use datadog_api_client::datadog;
    use datadog_api_client::datadogV2::api_metrics::EstimateMetricsOutputSeriesOptionalParams;
    use datadog_api_client::datadogV2::api_metrics::MetricsAPI;
    
    #[tokio::main]
    async fn main() {
        let configuration = datadog::Configuration::new();
        let api = MetricsAPI::with_config(configuration);
        let resp = api
            .estimate_metrics_output_series(
                "system.cpu.idle".to_string(),
                EstimateMetricsOutputSeriesOptionalParams::default()
                    .filter_groups("app,host".to_string())
                    .filter_num_aggregations(4),
            )
            .await;
        if let Ok(value) = resp {
            println!("{:#?}", value);
        } else {
            println!("{:#?}", resp.unwrap_err());
        }
    }
    

#### Instructions

First [install the library and its
dependencies](https://docs.datadoghq.com/api/latest/?code-lang=rust) and then
save the example to `src/main.rs` and run following commands:

    
    
        
    
    DD_SITE="datadoghq.comus3.datadoghq.comus5.datadoghq.comdatadoghq.euap1.datadoghq.comddog-gov.com" DD_API_KEY="<API-KEY>" DD_APP_KEY="<APP-KEY>" cargo run

#####  Tag Configuration Cardinality Estimator

    
    
    /**
     * Tag Configuration Cardinality Estimator returns "Success" response
     */
    
    import { client, v2 } from "@datadog/datadog-api-client";
    
    const configuration = client.createConfiguration();
    const apiInstance = new v2.MetricsApi(configuration);
    
    const params: v2.MetricsApiEstimateMetricsOutputSeriesRequest = {
      metricName: "system.cpu.idle",
      filterGroups: "app,host",
      filterNumAggregations: 4,
    };
    
    apiInstance
      .estimateMetricsOutputSeries(params)
      .then((data: v2.MetricEstimateResponse) => {
        console.log(
          "API called successfully. Returned data: " + JSON.stringify(data)
        );
      })
      .catch((error: any) => console.error(error));
    

#### Instructions

First [install the library and its
dependencies](https://docs.datadoghq.com/api/latest/?code-lang=typescript) and
then save the example to `example.ts` and run following commands:

    
    
        
    
    DD_SITE="datadoghq.comus3.datadoghq.comus5.datadoghq.comdatadoghq.euap1.datadoghq.comddog-gov.com" DD_API_KEY="<API-KEY>" DD_APP_KEY="<APP-KEY>" tsc "example.ts"

* * *

## Related Assets to a Metric

  * v2 (latest)

GET
https://api.ap1.datadoghq.com/api/v2/metrics/{metric_name}/assetshttps://api.datadoghq.eu/api/v2/metrics/{metric_name}/assetshttps://api.ddog-
gov.com/api/v2/metrics/{metric_name}/assetshttps://api.datadoghq.com/api/v2/metrics/{metric_name}/assetshttps://api.us3.datadoghq.com/api/v2/metrics/{metric_name}/assetshttps://api.us5.datadoghq.com/api/v2/metrics/{metric_name}/assets

### Overview

Returns dashboards, monitors, notebooks, and SLOs that a metric is stored in,
if any. Updated every 24 hours.

### Arguments

#### Path Parameters

Name

Type

Description

metric_name [_required_]

string

The name of the metric.

### Response

  * 200
  * 400
  * 403
  * 404
  * 429

Success

  * Model
  * Example

Response object that includes related dashboards, monitors, notebooks, and
SLOs.

Expand All

Field

Type

Description

data

object

Metric assets response data.

id [_required_]

string

The metric name for this resource.

relationships

object

Relationships to assets related to the metric.

dashboards

object

An object containing the list of dashboards that can be referenced in the
`included` data.

data

[object]

A list of dashboards that can be referenced in the `included` data.

id

string

The related dashboard's ID.

type

enum

Dashboard resource type. Allowed enum values: `dashboards`

monitors

object

A object containing the list of monitors that can be referenced in the
`included` data.

data

[object]

A list of monitors that can be referenced in the `included` data.

id

string

The related monitor's ID.

type

enum

Monitor resource type. Allowed enum values: `monitors`

notebooks

object

An object containing the list of notebooks that can be referenced in the
`included` data.

data

[object]

A list of notebooks that can be referenced in the `included` data.

id

string

The related notebook's ID.

type

enum

Notebook resource type. Allowed enum values: `notebooks`

slos

object

An object containing a list of SLOs that can be referenced in the `included`
data.

data

[object]

A list of SLOs that can be referenced in the `included` data.

id

string

The SLO ID.

type

enum

SLO resource type. Allowed enum values: `slos`

type [_required_]

enum

The metric resource type. Allowed enum values: `metrics`

default: `metrics`

included

[ <oneOf>]

Array of objects related to the metric assets.

Option 1

object

A dashboard object with title and popularity.

attributes

object

Attributes related to the dashboard, including title, popularity, and url.

popularity

double

Value from 0 to 5 that ranks popularity of the dashboard.

title

string

Title of the asset.

url

string

URL path of the asset.

id [_required_]

string

The related dashboard's ID.

type [_required_]

enum

Dashboard resource type. Allowed enum values: `dashboards`

Option 2

object

A monitor object with title.

attributes

object

Assets related to the object, including title and url.

title

string

Title of the asset.

url

string

URL path of the asset.

id [_required_]

string

The related monitor's ID.

type [_required_]

enum

Monitor resource type. Allowed enum values: `monitors`

Option 3

object

A notebook object with title.

attributes

object

Assets related to the object, including title and url.

title

string

Title of the asset.

url

string

URL path of the asset.

id [_required_]

string

The related notebook's ID.

type [_required_]

enum

Notebook resource type. Allowed enum values: `notebooks`

Option 4

object

A SLO object with title.

attributes

object

Assets related to the object, including title and url.

title

string

Title of the asset.

url

string

URL path of the asset.

id [_required_]

string

The SLO ID.

type [_required_]

enum

SLO resource type. Allowed enum values: `slos`

    
    
    {
      "data": {
        "id": "test.metric.latency",
        "relationships": {
          "dashboards": {
            "data": [
              {
                "id": "xxx-yyy-zzz",
                "type": "dashboards"
              }
            ]
          },
          "monitors": {
            "data": [
              {
                "id": "1775073",
                "type": "monitors"
              }
            ]
          },
          "notebooks": {
            "data": [
              {
                "id": "12345",
                "type": "notebooks"
              }
            ]
          },
          "slos": {
            "data": [
              {
                "id": "9ffef113b389520db54391d67d652dfb",
                "type": "slos"
              }
            ]
          }
        },
        "type": "metrics"
      },
      "included": [
        {
          "attributes": {
            "popularity": "number",
            "title": "string",
            "url": "string"
          },
          "id": "xxx-yyy-zzz",
          "type": "dashboards"
        }
      ]
    }

API error response.

  * Model
  * Example

API error response.

Expand All

Field

Type

Description

errors [_required_]

[string]

A list of errors.

    
    
    {
      "errors": [
        "Bad Request"
      ]
    }

API error response.

  * Model
  * Example

API error response.

Expand All

Field

Type

Description

errors [_required_]

[string]

A list of errors.

    
    
    {
      "errors": [
        "Bad Request"
      ]
    }

API error response.

  * Model
  * Example

API error response.

Expand All

Field

Type

Description

errors [_required_]

[string]

A list of errors.

    
    
    {
      "errors": [
        "Bad Request"
      ]
    }

Too Many Requests

  * Model
  * Example

API error response.

Expand All

Field

Type

Description

errors [_required_]

[string]

A list of errors.

    
    
    {
      "errors": [
        "Bad Request"
      ]
    }

### Code Example

  * [Curl](?code-lang=curl#)
  * [Python](?code-lang=python#)
  * [Ruby](?code-lang=ruby#)
  * [Go](?code-lang=go#)
  * [Java](?code-lang=java#)
  * [Rust](?code-lang=rust#)
  * [Typescript](?code-lang=typescript#)

#####  Related Assets to a Metric

Copy

    
    
                      # Path parameters  
    export metric_name="dist.http.endpoint.request"  
    # Curl command  
    curl -X GET "https://api.ap1.datadoghq.com"https://api.datadoghq.eu"https://api.ddog-gov.com"https://api.datadoghq.com"https://api.us3.datadoghq.com"https://api.us5.datadoghq.com/api/v2/metrics/${metric_name}/assets" \
    -H "Accept: application/json" \
    -H "DD-API-KEY: ${DD_API_KEY}" \
    -H "DD-APPLICATION-KEY: ${DD_APP_KEY}"  
    
                    

#####  Related Assets to a Metric

    
    
    """
    Related Assets to a Metric returns "Success" response
    """
    
    from datadog_api_client import ApiClient, Configuration
    from datadog_api_client.v2.api.metrics_api import MetricsApi
    
    configuration = Configuration()
    with ApiClient(configuration) as api_client:
        api_instance = MetricsApi(api_client)
        response = api_instance.list_metric_assets(
            metric_name="system.cpu.user",
        )
    
        print(response)
    

#### Instructions

First [install the library and its
dependencies](https://docs.datadoghq.com/api/latest/?code-lang=python) and
then save the example to `example.py` and run following commands:

    
    
        
    
    DD_SITE="datadoghq.comus3.datadoghq.comus5.datadoghq.comdatadoghq.euap1.datadoghq.comddog-gov.com" DD_API_KEY="<DD_API_KEY>" DD_APP_KEY="<DD_APP_KEY>" python3 "example.py"

#####  Related Assets to a Metric

    
    
    # Related Assets to a Metric returns "Success" response
    
    require "datadog_api_client"
    api_instance = DatadogAPIClient::V2::MetricsAPI.new
    p api_instance.list_metric_assets("system.cpu.user")
    

#### Instructions

First [install the library and its
dependencies](https://docs.datadoghq.com/api/latest/?code-lang=ruby) and then
save the example to `example.rb` and run following commands:

    
    
        
    
    DD_SITE="datadoghq.comus3.datadoghq.comus5.datadoghq.comdatadoghq.euap1.datadoghq.comddog-gov.com" DD_API_KEY="<DD_API_KEY>" DD_APP_KEY="<DD_APP_KEY>" rb "example.rb"

#####  Related Assets to a Metric

    
    
    // Related Assets to a Metric returns "Success" response
    
    package main
    
    import (
    	"context"
    	"encoding/json"
    	"fmt"
    	"os"
    
    	"github.com/DataDog/datadog-api-client-go/v2/api/datadog"
    	"github.com/DataDog/datadog-api-client-go/v2/api/datadogV2"
    )
    
    func main() {
    	ctx := datadog.NewDefaultContext(context.Background())
    	configuration := datadog.NewConfiguration()
    	apiClient := datadog.NewAPIClient(configuration)
    	api := datadogV2.NewMetricsApi(apiClient)
    	resp, r, err := api.ListMetricAssets(ctx, "system.cpu.user")
    
    	if err != nil {
    		fmt.Fprintf(os.Stderr, "Error when calling `MetricsApi.ListMetricAssets`: %v\n", err)
    		fmt.Fprintf(os.Stderr, "Full HTTP response: %v\n", r)
    	}
    
    	responseContent, _ := json.MarshalIndent(resp, "", "  ")
    	fmt.Fprintf(os.Stdout, "Response from `MetricsApi.ListMetricAssets`:\n%s\n", responseContent)
    }
    

#### Instructions

First [install the library and its
dependencies](https://docs.datadoghq.com/api/latest/?code-lang=go) and then
save the example to `main.go` and run following commands:

    
    
        
    
    DD_SITE="datadoghq.comus3.datadoghq.comus5.datadoghq.comdatadoghq.euap1.datadoghq.comddog-gov.com" DD_API_KEY="<DD_API_KEY>" DD_APP_KEY="<DD_APP_KEY>" go run "main.go"

#####  Related Assets to a Metric

    
    
    // Related Assets to a Metric returns "Success" response
    
    import com.datadog.api.client.ApiClient;
    import com.datadog.api.client.ApiException;
    import com.datadog.api.client.v2.api.MetricsApi;
    import com.datadog.api.client.v2.model.MetricAssetsResponse;
    
    public class Example {
      public static void main(String[] args) {
        ApiClient defaultClient = ApiClient.getDefaultApiClient();
        MetricsApi apiInstance = new MetricsApi(defaultClient);
    
        try {
          MetricAssetsResponse result = apiInstance.listMetricAssets("system.cpu.user");
          System.out.println(result);
        } catch (ApiException e) {
          System.err.println("Exception when calling MetricsApi#listMetricAssets");
          System.err.println("Status code: " + e.getCode());
          System.err.println("Reason: " + e.getResponseBody());
          System.err.println("Response headers: " + e.getResponseHeaders());
          e.printStackTrace();
        }
      }
    }
    

#### Instructions

First [install the library and its
dependencies](https://docs.datadoghq.com/api/latest/?code-lang=java) and then
save the example to `Example.java` and run following commands:

    
    
        
    
    DD_SITE="datadoghq.comus3.datadoghq.comus5.datadoghq.comdatadoghq.euap1.datadoghq.comddog-gov.com" DD_API_KEY="<DD_API_KEY>" DD_APP_KEY="<DD_APP_KEY>" java "Example.java"

#####  Related Assets to a Metric

    
    
    // Related Assets to a Metric returns "Success" response
    use datadog_api_client::datadog;
    use datadog_api_client::datadogV2::api_metrics::MetricsAPI;
    
    #[tokio::main]
    async fn main() {
        let configuration = datadog::Configuration::new();
        let api = MetricsAPI::with_config(configuration);
        let resp = api.list_metric_assets("system.cpu.user".to_string()).await;
        if let Ok(value) = resp {
            println!("{:#?}", value);
        } else {
            println!("{:#?}", resp.unwrap_err());
        }
    }
    

#### Instructions

First [install the library and its
dependencies](https://docs.datadoghq.com/api/latest/?code-lang=rust) and then
save the example to `src/main.rs` and run following commands:

    
    
        
    
    DD_SITE="datadoghq.comus3.datadoghq.comus5.datadoghq.comdatadoghq.euap1.datadoghq.comddog-gov.com" DD_API_KEY="<DD_API_KEY>" DD_APP_KEY="<DD_APP_KEY>" cargo run

#####  Related Assets to a Metric

    
    
    /**
     * Related Assets to a Metric returns "Success" response
     */
    
    import { client, v2 } from "@datadog/datadog-api-client";
    
    const configuration = client.createConfiguration();
    const apiInstance = new v2.MetricsApi(configuration);
    
    const params: v2.MetricsApiListMetricAssetsRequest = {
      metricName: "system.cpu.user",
    };
    
    apiInstance
      .listMetricAssets(params)
      .then((data: v2.MetricAssetsResponse) => {
        console.log(
          "API called successfully. Returned data: " + JSON.stringify(data)
        );
      })
      .catch((error: any) => console.error(error));
    

#### Instructions

First [install the library and its
dependencies](https://docs.datadoghq.com/api/latest/?code-lang=typescript) and
then save the example to `example.ts` and run following commands:

    
    
        
    
    DD_SITE="datadoghq.comus3.datadoghq.comus5.datadoghq.comdatadoghq.euap1.datadoghq.comddog-gov.com" DD_API_KEY="<DD_API_KEY>" DD_APP_KEY="<DD_APP_KEY>" tsc "example.ts"

* * *

