# Continuous Delivery Visibility

[Docs](https://docs.datadoghq.com/) > [Continuous Delivery
Visibility](https://docs.datadoghq.com/continuous_delivery/)

CD Visibility is not available in the selected site () at this time.

##### Join the Preview!

CD Visibility is in Preview. If you're interested in this feature, complete
the form to request access.

[Request
Access](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLScNhFEUOndGHwBennvUp6-XoA9luTc27XBwtSgXhycBVFM9yA/viewform?usp=sf_link)

Datadog Continuous Delivery (CD) Visibility provides observability on your
deployments. CD Visibility brings deployment metrics and data into Datadog so
you can communicate the health of your deployments, and focus your efforts in
improving your teamâ€™s ability to deliver quality code every time.

With CD Visibility, you can monitor deployments across CD environments by
tracking every deployment event. You can understand the changes being deployed
and how they are affecting your services.

## Increase efficiency through seamless integrations

Datadog integrates with [CI
providers](https://docs.datadoghq.com/continuous_delivery/deployments/ciproviders)
and CD providers like [Argo
CD](https://docs.datadoghq.com/continuous_delivery/deployments/argocd) to
track the execution performance and results of your deployments.

[](https://docs.datadoghq.com/continuous_delivery/deployments/argocd/)

[](https://docs.datadoghq.com/continuous_delivery/deployments/ciproviders/)

[](https://docs.datadoghq.com/continuous_delivery/deployments/ciproviders/)

  

[](https://docs.datadoghq.com/continuous_delivery/deployments/ciproviders/)

[](https://docs.datadoghq.com/continuous_delivery/deployments/ciproviders/)

[](https://docs.datadoghq.com/continuous_delivery/deployments/ciproviders/)

  

[](https://docs.datadoghq.com/continuous_delivery/deployments/ciproviders/)

  

Use the data aggregated over time to identify trends and improve your
deployment strategies for enhanced operational efficiency.

## Ready to start?

See [Deployment
Visibility](https://docs.datadoghq.com/continuous_delivery/deployments) for
instructions on setting up CD Visibility with your CD providers, information
about compatibility requirements, and steps for instrumenting and configuring
data collection. See [Explore CD Visibility
Deployments](https://docs.datadoghq.com/continuous_delivery/explorer) to
understand how to query and visualize deployments.

## Further reading

Additional helpful documentation, links, and articles:

[Learn how to set up Deployment VisibilityDOCUMENTATION
](https://docs.datadoghq.com/continuous_delivery/deployments)[Learn how to
query and visualize deploymentsDOCUMENTATION
](https://docs.datadoghq.com/continuous_delivery/explorer)[Learn about CD
Visibility FeaturesDOCUMENTATION
](https://docs.datadoghq.com/continuous_delivery/features)[Best practices for
CI/CD monitoringBLOG ](https://www.datadoghq.com/blog/best-practices-for-ci-
cd-monitoring/)[Check out the latest Software Delivery releases! (App login
required)RELEASE NOTES ](https://app.datadoghq.com/release-
notes?category=Software%20Delivery)

