# Synthetic Testing and Monitoring

[Docs](https://docs.datadoghq.com/) > [Synthetic Testing and
Monitoring](https://docs.datadoghq.com/synthetics/)

  

##### Join an enablement webinar session

Explore and register for Foundation Enablement sessions. Learn how Datadog
Synthetic Monitoring is a proactive monitoring solution that enables you to
create code-free API, browser, and mobile tests to automatically simulate user
flows and requests to your applications, key endpoints, and network layers.

[SIGN UP](https://www.datadoghq.com/technical-enablement/session/synthetics/)

Synthetic tests allow you to observe how your systems and applications are
performing using **simulated requests and actions from around the globe**.
Datadog tracks the performance of your webpages and APIs from the backend to
the frontend, and at various network levels (`HTTP`, `SSL`, `DNS`,
`WebSocket`, `TCP`, `UDP`, `ICMP`, and `gRPC`) in a controlled and stable way,
alerting you about faulty behavior such as regressions, broken features, high
response times, and unexpected status codes.

**Computing SLOs** on your key endpoints and user journeys makes it easier to
stick to your application performance targets and ultimately provide a
consistent customer experience.

You can create Synthetic tests in the [Datadog
application](https://app.datadoghq.com/synthetics/create#), with the
[API](https://docs.datadoghq.com/api/latest/synthetics/#create-an-api-test),
or with
[Terraform](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/DataDog/datadog/latest/docs/resources/synthetics_test).

## Set up API tests and multistep API tests

API tests allow you to launch
[single](https://docs.datadoghq.com/synthetics/api_tests/) or
[chained](https://docs.datadoghq.com/synthetics/multistep) requests to perform
verifications on your key systems at various network levels: [HTTP
test](https://docs.datadoghq.com/synthetics/api_tests/http_tests), [SSL
test](https://docs.datadoghq.com/synthetics/api_tests/ssl_tests), [DNS
test](https://docs.datadoghq.com/synthetics/api_tests/dns_tests), [WebSocket
test](https://docs.datadoghq.com/synthetics/api_tests/websocket_tests), [TCP
test](https://docs.datadoghq.com/synthetics/api_tests/tcp_tests), [UDP
test](https://docs.datadoghq.com/synthetics/api_tests/udp_tests), [ICMP
test](https://docs.datadoghq.com/synthetics/api_tests/icmp_tests), and [gRPC
test](https://docs.datadoghq.com/synthetics/api_tests/grpc_tests).

[](https://datadog-
docs.imgix.net/images/synthetics/api_test.ac4d7fbf910457f964974812b51b2375.png?fit=max&auto=format)

## Record browser tests

Use [Synthetic browser
tests](https://docs.datadoghq.com/synthetics/browser_tests) to monitor how
your customers experience your webpages end-to-end from around the world.

## Record mobile application tests

Use [Synthetic mobile application
tests](https://docs.datadoghq.com/mobile_testing) to monitor how your
customers experience your iOS and Android applications end-to-end from
different device types.

[](https://datadog-
docs.imgix.net/images/synthetics/mobile_app_tests.b6df409677ae89fd23027a9007ae786e.png?fit=max&auto=format)

## Launch private locations

Use [Synthetic private
locations](https://docs.datadoghq.com/synthetics/private_locations) to monitor
internal APIs and websites or create custom locations in areas that are
mission-critical to your business.

[](https://datadog-
docs.imgix.net/images/synthetics/private_locations.e50282ca1df64041a30d588375f4e31b.png?fit=max&auto=format)

## Connect data and traces

Use the [integration between Synthetic tests and APM
traces](https://docs.datadoghq.com/synthetics/apm/) to find the root cause of
failures across frontend, network, and backend requests.

## Access out-of-the-box dashboards

Analyze performance information about your API tests, multistep API tests,
browser tests, and private locations, as well as Datadog events, with [out-of-
the-box Synthetic
dashboards](https://docs.datadoghq.com/synthetics/dashboards/).

[](https://datadog-
docs.imgix.net/images/synthetics/dashboards/test_dashboard.ab620acdf8910722b53687e92597736e.png?fit=max&auto=format)

## Use the Synthetic Monitoring & Testing Results Explorer

Create [search queries and
visualizations](https://docs.datadoghq.com/continuous_testing/explorer/) for
your Synthetic test runs or batches of tests running in CI/CD pipelines.

[](https://datadog-
docs.imgix.net/images/continuous_testing/explorer_ci_batches_1.d5b0a754d072c00ed09e370ad1949c98.png?fit=max&auto=format)

## Track testing coverage

Optimize your test suite by [ensuring that your applicationâ€™s most critical
workflows are being
tested](https://docs.datadoghq.com/synthetics/test_coverage).

[](https://datadog-
docs.imgix.net/images/synthetics/test_coverage/test_coverage.9cdf1c99240225a6df42ad66a1ff939a.png?fit=max&auto=format)

## Ready to start?

See [Getting Started with Synthetic
Monitoring](https://docs.datadoghq.com/getting_started/synthetics) for
instructions on creating your first Synthetic test and monitoring your web
applications. Then, explore [Getting Started with Private
Locations](https://docs.datadoghq.com/getting_started/synthetics/private_location)
for instructions on creating your private location and running Synthetic tests
with your private location.

## Further Reading

Additional helpful documentation, links, and articles:

[Check out the latest Datadog Synthetic Monitoring releases! (App login
required)RELEASE NOTES ](https://app.datadoghq.com/release-
notes?category=Synthetic%20Monitoring)[Introduction to Datadog Synthetic
MonitoringBLOG ](https://www.datadoghq.com/blog/introducing-synthetic-
monitoring/)[Monitor CDN performance within your Synthetic testsBLOG
](https://www.datadoghq.com/blog/monitor-cdn-performance-with-synthetic-
testing/)[Best practices for monitoring static web applicationsBLOG
](https://www.datadoghq.com/blog/static-web-application-monitoring-best-
practices/)[Improve your API test coverage with Datadog Synthetic
MonitoringBLOG ](https://www.datadoghq.com/blog/api-test-coverage-monitoring-
datadog-synthetics/)[Datadog Learning Center: Getting started with Synthetic
Browser TestingLEARNING CENTER ](https://learn.datadoghq.com/courses/getting-
started-with-synthetic-browser-testing)[Synthetic Monitoring
GuidesDOCUMENTATION ](https://docs.datadoghq.com/synthetics/guide/)[Join an
interactive session to enhance your synthetic testing capabilitiesFOUNDATION
ENABLEMENT ](https://dtdg.co/fe)[How to secure HTTP headers with synthetic
testsBLOG ](https://www.datadoghq.com/blog/http-security-headers-synthetic-
tests/)

